Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm: An aneurysm that occurs in the section of the aorta that runs through the abdomen (abdominal aorta).
Abdominal Aortic Ultrasound: A non-invasive imaging procedure that uses high-frequency sound waves to view the structures of the abdomen and determine the presence of an aneurysm
Ablation: The removal or destruction of tissue
Abscess: A localized formation of pus in a cavity caused by the disintegration or displacement of tissue due to bacterial infection.
Achalasia: A condition where the esophagus is not able to move food into the stomach. The lower esophageal muscle stays closed during swallowing, resulting in the backup of food.
Acute: Abrupt onset that usually is severe; happens for a limited period of time.
Adjuvant Therapy: Treatment provided in addition to the primary treatment to prevent cancer recurrence.
Advance Directive: A document in which a person either states choices for medical treatment or designates someone who should make treatment choices if the person should become unable to make decisions. Most often the term refers to formal, written documents, but it can also be used to include spoken statements by the patient. Legal documents including the Living Will and Durable Power of Attorney for Health Care. A Living Will states what type of treatment you wish to receive in the event that you become physically or mentally unable to communicate your wishes. A Durable Power of Attorney for Health Care authorizes another person to make medical decisions for you when you are unable to do so for yourself.
Aerobic Exercise: Exercise which can improve your functional ability and, in some cases, reduce symptoms of heart disease. It is repetitive in nature and involves the large muscle groups. Examples are walking, swimming, and cycling.
AHA: American Heart Association
Allograft (allogenic graft or homograft): An organ or tissue transplanted from one individual to another of the same species, i.e. human to human.
Alveoli: Thin-walled, small sacs located at the ends of the smallest airways in the lungs where the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide takes place.
Ambulatory Monitors: Small portable electrocardiograph machines that are able to record the heart's rhythm. Each type of monitor has unique features related to length of recording time and ability to send the recordings over the phone. They include: Holter Monitor, Loop Recorder, and Transtelephonic transmitter.
Amyloidosis: A rare autoimmune disorder characterized by the buildup of abnormal protein in tissues. Amyloidosis can be a cause of heart valve disorders and heart failure.
Anemia: A condition characterized by a deficiency of red blood cells. Anemia reduces the amount of oxygen available to the body.
Aneurysm: The abnormal dilatation (enlargement, bulging or stretching) of the wall of an artery, vein or heart caused by damage or weakness in the blood vessel wall. When aneurysms grow too large, they can rupture and the bleeding can be life threatening. In cardiac surgery, aneurysms usually apply to either the ascending, aortic arch, or descending aorta. Aneurysms that have grown too large should be replaced.
Angina (also called angina pectoris): Discomfort or pressure, usually in the chest, caused by a temporarily inadequate blood supply to the heart muscle. Discomfort may also be felt in the neck, jaw or arms. A common symptom of coronary artery disease, angina usually occurs during periods of physical or emotional stress and is relieved by rest.
Angiogenesis: The spontaneous or drug-induced growth of new blood vessels. The growth of these vessels may help to alleviate coronary artery disease by rerouting blood flow around clogged arteries.
Angiogram / Angiography: An invasive imaging procedure that usually involves inserting a catheter into an artery leading to the heart muscle or brain and injecting a radioactive tracer into the blood stream via the catheter. This test is used to determine if there is fatty build-up or plaque in the arteries causing narrowing. Coronary angiography is also called cardiac catheterization.
Angioplasty: An invasive procedure, during which a specially designed balloon catheter with a small balloon tip is guided to the point of narrowing in a artery. Once in place, the balloon is inflated to compress the fatty matter into the artery wall and stretch the artery open to increase blood flow through the blood vessel.
Angiotensin II Receptor Blockers (ARBs): A class of medicines used to treat high blood pressure.
Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitors (ACE Inhibitors): A group of drugs used to treat high blood pressure and heart failure. ACE inhibitors block a specific enzyme (ACE or angiotensin-converting enzyme) which retains salt in the kidney and can cause heart and blood pressure problems.
Ankle Transmetatarsal and Toe Tracings: A procedure used to test the arterial blood flow to the hands and feet.
Annulus: A ring of tough fibrous tissue which is attached to and supports the leaflets of the heart valve.
Anomalous Coronary Artery: The normal anatomy for the coronary arteries involves their origin from the aorta at each of two separate sites. Sometimes people can be born with the origin of a coronary artery that comes from an abnormal site and this can lead to problems of coronary ischemia which can subsequently lead to heart attack. Not all coronary anomalies need surgery, but some do and the specific operation depends on which of the many varieties of coronary anomalies is present.
Antiarrhythmic: A drug that is used to treat abnormal heart rhythms.
Antibody: A protein substance made by the body's immune system in response to a foreign substance, for example a previous transplant, blood transfusion or pregnancy. Because the antibodies attack the transplanted organ, transplant patients must take powerful immunosuppressive drugs.
Anticholinergics: Also called cholinergic blockers or "maintenance" bronchodilators. Type of medication that helps open (dilate) the bronchial tubes (airways) to help move more air easily into and out of the lungs. Anticholinergics also help clear mucus from the airways. As the airways open, the mucus moves more freely and can therefore be coughed out more easily.
Anticoagulant ("blood thinner"): A medication that prevents blood from clotting; used for people at risk for stroke or blood clots.
Antigen: A foreign molecule or substance, such as a transplant, that triggers an immune response. This response may be the production of antibodies.
Antihypertensive Drug: A drug that reduces hypertension (high blood pressure).
Antioxidant: Part of a group of vitamins (A, B, C and E) that may help to limit the cellular damage caused by free radicals. Studies suggest that certain antioxidants may protect against coronary artery disease.
Antiplatelet Medication: A medication, such as aspirin or Plavix (clopidogrel), used to prevent platelets from clumping together and causing the formation of blood clots. Used for people at risk for stroke or blood clots.
Aorta: Large artery leaving the heart. All blood pumped out of the left ventricle travels through the aorta on its way to other parts of the body.
Aortic Arch Replacement: The aortic arch is that segment of the aorta between the ascending and descending portions. The aortic arch provides the origin for the blood vessels to the upper part of the body, specifically the arms and head. Surgical diseases of the aortic arch can require a replacement of this large blood vessel with preservation of the vessels to the upper body. The most common diseases requiring replacement are an aneurysm of the aortic arch or an aortic dissection involving the aortic arch.
Aortic Dissection: The aorta is the main blood vessel leaving the heart and provides blood flow to the rest of the body. This blood vessel is made up of many layers. In certain circumstances, a tear develops in the middle layer, which allows blood to travel down the layer, setting up two channels - the "true" lumen or opening through the blood vessel and the new "false" lumen. Aortic dissection can be a life-threatening emergency, in some situations requiring emergency surgery to repair or replace that segment of the aorta.
Aortic Insufficiency: Aortic insufficiency refers specifically to the aortic valve, which is the valve the blood passes through as it leaves the heart and enters the aorta. When blood leaks back through the valve it is known as aortic insufficiency. Small amounts of aortic insufficiency may be inconsequential, but larger amounts require repair or replacement of the aortic valve.
Aortic Valve: The aortic valve is the last valve through which the blood passes before it enters the aorta or main blood vessel of the body. The valve prevents blood from leaking back into the left ventricle from the aorta after it has been ejected from the heart.
Aortic Valve Homograft: When replacement of an aortic valve is necessary it is possible to replace the valve with another human valve known as an aortic valve homograft. This operation involves cardiopulmonary bypass
Aortic Valve Repair: The aortic valve is the last valve in the heart through which the blood travels prior to circulating in the body. When this valve is leaking or too tight, the surgeon may be able to repair the valve rather than replace it.
Aortic Valve Replacement: When the aortic valve is diseased, it can become either stenotic (too narrow) or insufficient (leaky). In such cases, the aortic valve may need to be replaced with either a prosthetic or human valve.
Arrhythmia: An irregular heart beat
Arterial Blood Gas Test: A blood test that measures oxygen and carbon dioxide in the blood.
Arterial Grafting: In patients who require coronary artery bypass graft surgery, it is sometimes desirable to use arteries from other parts of the body to provide the bypass grafts. This is known as arterial grafting. The alternative is to use vein grafts for coronary bypass surgery.
Arteries: Blood vessels that carry blood away from the heart to the arms, legs, head, body and organs.
Arteriogram: X-ray of an artery after dye is injected. Patient may or may not be admitted to the hospital after the test.
Arteriosclerosis ("hardening of the arteries"): The process whereby abnormal deposits of lipids, cholesterol and plaque build up, leading to narrowing or blockage in arteries taking blood to the hand, foot head or vital organs. Also called atherosclerosis.
Ascending Aorta Replacement: The aorta is the main blood vessel that leaves the heart to provide blood flow to the rest of the body. When the ascending or first part of the aorta is diseased, it sometimes needs to be replaced. The replacement is most often done with a synthetic cloth tube.
Aspiration Pneumonia: A condition that occurs when the contents of the stomach or esophagus are breathed into the airways.
Asthma, chronic: A disease of the air passages that carry air in and out of the lungs. Asthma causes the airways to narrow, the lining of the airways to swell and the cells that line the airways to produce more mucus. These changes make breathing difficult and cause a feeling of not getting enough air into the lungs. Common symptoms include shortness of breath, wheezing and excess mucus production.
Atelectasis: Partial or complete collapse of the lung, usually due to a blockage of the air passages with fluid, mucus or infection. Symptoms include dry cough, chest pain and mild shortness of breath.
Atherectomy (DCA - Directional Coronary Atherectomy): The DCA catheter has a hollow cylinder on the tip with an open window on one side and a balloon on the other. When the catheter is inserted into the narrowed artery, the balloon is inflated, pushing the window against the fatty matter clogging the vessel. A blade (cutter) within the cylinder rotates and shaves off any fat, which protruded into the window. The shavings are caught in a chamber within the catheter and removed. This process is repeated as needed to allow better blood flow.
Atheroma: Large build-up of fat, cholesterol and other substances on the walls of an artery, causing narrowing. Also called plaque.
Atherosclerosis: Commonly known as "hardening of the arteries." A disease in which fatty deposits accumulate on the inner walls of the arteries, causing narrowing or blockage that may result in a heart attack.
Atresia: The abnormal closure or absence of an opening or passage.
Atria: The upper chambers of the heart. Atrium refers to one chamber of the heart.
Atrial Fibrillation (AF): Atrial fibrillation is an irregular heart rhythm in which many impulses begin and spread through the atria. The resulting rhythm is disorganized, rapid and irregular and the atria are not able to fully empty their contents into the ventricles.
Atrial Flutter: Atrial flutter is a regular heart rhythm in which many impulses begin and spread through the atria. The resulting rhythm is organized, but so rapid that the atria are not able to fully empty their contents into the ventricles.
Atrial Myxoma: A myxoma is a tumor of the heart. It resides in the atrial chamber and causes symptoms when its growth produces a tumor so large it obstructs blood flow through the heart chambers.
Atrial Septal Defect (ASD): The atria are the chambers of the heart in which the blood dwells prior to entering the ventricles, which are the main pumping chambers. The right and left atrial lie next to each other in the heart and there is a membranous wall or septum between the two. In some people, there can be a hole in the muscular wall or septum, known as an atrial septal defect. Tiny defects called patent foramen ovale are present in up to 30 percent of people and are of no consequence except in unusual circumstances. Moderate size to larger size defects should be corrected and may require heart surgery.
Atrioventricular (AV) Node: A center of special cells located near the center of the heart that helps to regulate the heart rhythm. Here, the electrical current slows for a moment before going on to the ventricles.
Atrium: The top filling chamber of the heart. There are two atria - the left and the right, divided by a muscular wall, called the septum. The atrium contracts before the ventricle to allow optimal filling of the ventricle.
Attending or Primary Physician: The doctor who has the main responsibility for your care while you are in the hospital. There may be other doctors caring for you such as consulting doctors, resident doctors, and medical students.
Autonomic Nervous System (ANS): A regulatory structure that helps people adapt to changes in their environment. It adjusts or modifies some functions in response to stress. The ANS helps regulate blood vessels' size and blood pressure, the heart's electrical activity and ability to contract, the bronchium's diameter (and thus air flow) in the lungs, the movement and work of the stomach, intestine and salivary glands, the secretion of insulin and the urinary and sexual functions. (www.heart.org/HEARTORG)
Bacterial Endocarditis: Bacterial endocarditis is an infection of the heart's inner lining (endocardium) or the heart valves. This can damage or even destroy your heart valves.
Balloon (Pneumatic) Dilation: A nonsurgical treatment for achalasia. While the patient is under light sedation, the gastroenterologist inserts a specially designed balloon through the lower esophageal sphincter and inflates it. The balloon disrupts the esophageal muscle to relieve the pressure that blocks food from passing easily into the stomach. Some patients may have to undergo repeat dilation treatments to achieve an improvement in symptoms, or other treatments may also be needed.
Balloon Angioplasty (PTCA - Percutaneous Transluminal Coronary Angioplasty): A specially designed balloon catheter with a small balloon tip is guided to the point of narrowing in the artery. Once in place, the balloon is inflated to compress the fatty matter into the artery wall and stretch the artery open to increase blood flow through the blood vessel.
Barium Swallow Test: A test in which the patient swallows a barium sulfate preparation (liquid or other form) and its movement through the esophagus is evaluated using X-ray technology. Barium is safe and does not dissolve or react in the body. It is used as a contrast material because it blocks x-rays so the area being evaluated appears white against a dark background.
Barrett’s Esophagus: A condition that develops in some people who have chronic gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) or inflammation of the esophagus.
Batista Procedure: During this surgical procedure, to treat heart failure, the surgeon cuts out a piece of the patient's enlarged left ventricular muscle. The intention is to reduce the size of the left ventricular cavity, improve left ventricular function and reverse congestive heart failure. This procedure is not performed at Cleveland Clinic Heart, Vascular & Thoracic Institute at this time because long term results revealed a significant failure rate, however, this procedure has led to better surgical techniques to treat those with heart failure (see infarct exclusion surgery)
Beta Blocker: A drug that slows heart rate, lowers blood pressure, controls angina and protects patients with prior heart attacks from future heart attacks.
Bicuspid Valve: A valve with two leaflets (cusps) instead of three.
Bioethicist: Professionals who are skilled in helping people make decisions about what is morally right and wrong.
Biopsy: The removal of a sample of tissue via a small needle. The tissue is removed for examination to determine a diagnosis.
BIPAP (Bi-Level Positive Airway Pressure) Machine: A breathing machine that uses two pressure levels (inspiratory and expiratory) to provide breathing assistance. This machine is often used for patients with sleep apnea or respiratory failure.
Blood: Thinners (anticoagulants) Medicine used to prevent clots from forming or getting larger. Heparin is generally given through the vein and Coumadin (warfarin) by mouth.
Blood Clot (thrombus): A clot forms when clotting factors in the blood cause it to coagulate or become a solid, jelly-like mass. When a blood clot forms inside a blood vessel (a thrombus), it can dislodge and travel through the blood stream, causing a heart attack or stroke.
Blood Pressure: The force exerted in the arteries by blood as it circulates. It is divided into systolic (when the heart contracts) and diastolic (when the heart is filling) pressures.
Blood Typing: A test that can help establish compatibility between two different types of blood. Blood types include A, B, AB or O.
Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN): A waste product regularly removed by the kidneys and eliminated in the urine. Regular testing of the BUN level serves as an indicator of how well the kidney is functioning.
Blood Vessel: A flexible tube that transports blood throughout the body. Arteries, veins, and capillaries are the body's blood vessels.
Body Mass Index: The number, derived by dividing body weight by height squared; used to determine health risk created by excess body weight.
Botox (Botulinum Toxin) Injections: A treatment for some patients with achalasia. Botox is a protein made by the bacteria that cause botulism. When injected into muscles in very small quantities, Botox can relax spastic muscles. It works by preventing nerves from sending signals to the muscles that tell them to contract.
Bradycardia: A slow heart rate.
Brain Death: Brain damage that is so severe and extensive that the brain cannot recover. Breathing has stopped, but the circulation may still be continuing because of artificial ventilation. Donor organs can only be taken from people who are declared brain dead.
Breath Sounds: Sounds heard through a stethoscope. The intensity of the sound of air moving in and out of the lungs may indicate the amount of obstruction.
Breathing Rate: The number of breaths per minute.
Breathing Tube (endotracheal tube): A temporary tube put into the nose or mouth. Anesthesia or air and oxygen pass through the tube allowing artificial breathing.
Bronchi: A pair of breathing tubes that connect the trachea to the lungs. Oxygen and carbon dioxide travel in opposite directions through the bronchi.
Bronchial Tubes: Branches of the airways (air passages) in the lungs.
Bronchioles: The smallest branches of the airways in the lungs. They connect to the alveoli (air sacs).
Bronchitis, chronic: Irritation and inflammation of the lining of the bronchial tubes. The irritation causes coughing and excess amounts of mucus in the airways which can lead to difficulty breathing. Bronchitis is considered chronic when the person has a productive cough (coughs up mucus) and shortness of breath that lasts at least three months each year for at least two years in a row.
Bronchodilator: Medication used to relax the muscle bands that tighten around the airways to increase air flow. Bronchodilators also help clear mucus from the lungs.
Bronchoscope: A long, thin tube with a small camera at the end that is used to evaluate the airways. The bronchoscope is passed through the nose or mouth, past the vocal chords and down the airway as far as necessary. The camera transmits the images on a television monitor. Bronchoscopy can be used to remove objects or mucus blocking the airway, or to remove growths in the airway.
Bronchoscopy: A diagnostic test used to view the inside of the airway. The test can be performed to diagnose lung diseases or locate the source of a problem by visualizing the throat, larynx, trachea and lungs and collecting tissue samples for biopsy.
Bronchospasm: The sudden tightening of the bands of muscle that surround the airways, causing the airways to become narrower. Bronchospasm may result in wheezing.
Bruit: An abnormal sound heard when a stethoscope is placed over an artery.
Buerger’s Disease: Most commonly affects the small and medium sized arteries, veins, and nerves. The arteries of the arms and legs become narrowed or blocked, causing lack of blood supply (ischemia) to the fingers, hands, toes and feet.
Bundle Branch: The electrical impulses travel down a normal pathway through the heart. From the SA node, the impulse travels to the AV node. Then it goes to the bundle of His. The bundle divides into a right bundle and the left bundle. The bundles take the impulse through the ventricles (bottom chambers) to cause them to contract.
Bundle Branch Block: Normally, the electrical impulse travels down both the right and left bundle branches at the same speed and the ventricles contract at the same time. If there is a block in one of the branches, it is called a bundle branch block. A bundle branch block causes one ventricle to contract just after the other ventricle.
Bypass: A surgical procedure designed to increase blood flow to an organ or extremity that has narrowing or blockage of the blood supplying artery. Examples include coronary artery bypass surgery, aortic replacement, ABI (aorta-bi-iliac), ABF (aorto-bi-femoral), and femoral-popliteal bypass)
C-reactive Protein (CRP): CRP is a protein found in the blood. It is a marker for inflammation, meaning its presence indicates a heightened state of inflammation in the body. Inflammation is a normal response to many physical states including fever, injury and infection, and is now believed to play a role in the initiation and progression of cardiovascular disease.
Cadaveric Donor: An individual who has recently passed away of causes not affecting the organ intended for transplant. Cadaver organs usually come from people who have willed their organs before death by signing organ donor cards. Permission for donation also can be given by the deceased person's family at the time of death.
Calcification: A process in which tissue becomes hardened due to deposits of calcium salts. Calcification of blood vessels plays a role in the development of atherosclerosis.
Calcium: A mineral found mainly in dairy products that is used by the body as a building block of bone and for the proper functioning of organs and muscles. It is needed in many phases of blood clotting. Calcium is also an ingredient of artery-clogging plaque.
Calcium-Channel Blocker: A drug that reduces spasm of the blood vessels, lowers blood pressure, and controls angina; acts by selectively blocking the uptake of calcium by the cells.
Cannula: A small plastic tube used to supply extra oxygen through the nose.
Capillaries: Tiny blood vessels connecting arteries to veins. These blood vessels carry oxygen and nutrients to individual cells.
Carbohydrate: An organic compound, found in sugars, cereal, fruits and vegetables, that provide fuel for the body.
Carbon Dioxide: A colorless, odorless gas that is formed in tissues of the body, created during metabolism when the cells use oxygen to burn fat and release energy. The lungs release it when you breathe out.
Carbon Monoxide: A gas found in cigarette smoke; damages artery walls and reduces the ability of blood to carry oxygen, increasing the risk of coronary artery disease.
Carcinogen: Cancer-causing substance.
Cardiac Arrest: When the heart stops beating suddenly and respiration (breathing) and other body functions stop as a result.
Cardiac Auscultation: The use of a stethoscope to listen to the sounds the heart makes as it contracts and relaxes. Cardiac auscultation can be used to evaluate the heart rate, rhythm, and flow through the valves.
Cardiac Catheterization: An invasive imaging procedure that involves inserting a catheter into a blood vessel in the arm or leg, and guiding it to your heart with the aid of a special x-ray machine. Contrast dye is injected through the catheter so that x-ray movies of your valves, coronary arteries and heart chambers are taken. Cardiac catheterization is also called coronary angiography.
Cardiac Output: The amount of blood pumped by the heart each minute.
Cardiac Rehabilitation: A structured program of education and activity guided toward lifestyle modification, increasing functional capabilities and peer support.
Cardiologist: Doctor specializing in the diagnosis and treatment of heart disease.
Cardiomyopathy: An abnormal heart condition in which the heart is dilated (poor pumping power), restrictive (impaired ability of the heart to fill) and hypertrophic (enlarged heart).
Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR): CPR is a technique designed to temporarily circulate oxygenated blood through the body of a person whose heart has stopped. It involves assessing the airway; if necessary breathing for the person; determining if the person is pulseless; and if necessary, applying pressure to the chest to circulate blood.
Cardiovascular: Relates to the blood and blood vessels.
Cardioversion: A procedure used to convert an irregular heart rhythm to a normal heart rhythm by applying electric shock. Cardioversion may be accomplished using medications or a defibrillator.
Carotid Angiography (carotid angiogram, carotid angio): An invasive imaging procedure that involves inserting a catheter into a blood vessel in the arm or leg, and guiding it to the carotid arteries with the aid of a special x-ray machine. Contrast dye is injected through the catheter so that x-ray movies of your carotid arteries (the arteries that supply your brain with oxygen-rich blood) are taken.
Carotid Artery: A vessel that supplies the brain with oxygenated blood.
Carotid Artery Disease: A progressive disease which involves the buildup of fatty material and plaque in the carotid arteries; can lead to a stroke.
Carotid Bruit: An abnormal sound, heard when using a stethoscope to listen to blood flow in the carotid artery. This is the main artery in the neck; it brings blood to the head.
Carotid Duplex Ultrasound: An imaging procedure that uses high-frequency sound waves to view the blood vessels in the neck to and determine the presence of narrowing in the carotid arteries.
Catheter: A thin, flexible instrument used to introduce or withdraw fluids from the body. A catheter also may be used to monitor blood pressure.
Cerebral Embolism: A common cause of stroke - an embolus that has moved through the blood stream and obstructs an artery leading to the brain.
Cerebral Vascular Accident (CVA): The medical term used to describe a stroke
Chest X-ray: Used to view the lungs and lower respiratory tract. A chest X-ray may be used for diagnosis and therapy.
Cholesterol: A fatty substance that is acquired in part from certain foods. A high cholesterol level may lead to atherosclerosis.
Chordae Tendineae: The thin, fibrous chords that lead from the valve leaflets to the small papillary muscles within the heart muscle wall, contributes to the support of the tricuspid and mitral valves.
Chronic: Continuing over a certain period of time; long-term.
Chronic Venous Insufficiency: Damaged valves in the veins or a blood clot in the leg may cause ongoing swelling, blood pooling in the legs, and if untreated, discomfort and ulceration.
Cilia: Hair-like structures that line the airways in the lungs and help to clean out the airways.
Clinical Trial: A research study or protocol conducted with patients to evaluate a new medical treatment, drug or device, to compare the effect and value of an intervention or treatment with a control. Control means there's no intervention or treatment given, only a placebo or standard treatment. Clinical researchers conduct clinical trials. ( A Guide to Understanding Clinical Trials ) The purpose of clinical trials is to find new and improved methods of treating different diseases and special conditions.
Clotting Factors: A group of chemicals in the blood, including fibrinogen, prothrombin, and calcium, that combine to form thrombi.
Clubbing: The ends of the fingers and toes enlarge and bend inward; related to inadequate oxygen-rich blood supply. Often seen with congenital heart defects, but also seen in other conditions.
Coagulation Problems: Problem with blood clotting, either too much clotting or not enough.
Coarctation of the Aorta: A severe narrowing of the aorta, causing a decrease in blood flow to the lower part of the body. This narrowing is a congenital defect and can be corrected with surgery.
Collagen Seal: The seal is a protein material that is used after an invasive procedure (such as a cardiac catheterization) performed through the groin. The "seal" works with your body's natural healing processes to form a clot in the artery, decreasing the amount of time needed to lie flat. The collagen seal cannot be given to every patient for individual reasons. Once a seal has been placed in the groin artery, that artery cannot be used during another procedure for at least 3 months after the seal has been placed.
Collateral Blood Vessels: Small capillary-like branches of the artery that form over time in response to narrowed coronary arteries. The collaterals "bypass" the area of narrowing and help to restore blood flow. However, during times of increased exertion, the collaterals may not be able to supply enough oxygen-rich blood to the heart muscle.
Commissurotomy: The heart valves are made up of leaflets. The leaflets touch each other and the edge of the area where they come in contact is known as the commissures. In some patients, specifically those with rheumatic heart disease, the commissures can become scarred and fail to open and allow blood to flow through easily. In situations like this, the commissures can be released or reopened with a procedure known as commissurotomy.
Complete Heart Block (heart block): An arrhythmia. The electrical current is slowed between the atria and ventricles. In more severe cases, conduction is blocked completely and the atria and ventricles beat independently.
Complex Carbohydrates: Starchy foods that are good sources of energy and nutrients, such as bread, rice, pasta and grains.
Compliance: The act of following orders and adhering to rules and policies, i.e. taking one's medications after transplant.
Complication: The occurrence of diseases or medical problems simultaneously in the body.
Computed Tomography (CT) Scan: An x-ray procedure that combines many x-ray images with the aid of a computer to generate cross-sectional views of the body.
Congenital Heart Defects: Heart defects present at birth.
Congestive Heart Failure (CHF): Also known as heart failure. A condition where the heart muscle weakens and can not pump blood efficiently throughout the body.
Connective Tissue Disease: Disease caused by problem with collagen (the elastic support system in the body); can have a vascular component. Examples include Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE), rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Can also be referred to mixed connective tissue diseases (MCTD)
Constrictive Pericarditis: The pericardium is the sac around the heart. In some patients, this sac can become inflamed and scarred. If this scarring process produces a contracture or shrinkage of the pericardium, it can prevent the heart from filling to its full extent. This disease is known as constrictive pericarditis.
Contraindication: Any condition which indicates that a particular course of treatment (or exercise) would be inadvisable or cause harm.
COPD - Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: A general term used to describe several lung diseases. The most common diseases in this group include chronic bronchitis and emphysema. Chronic asthma may also be included. COPD worsens gradually, causing limited airflow in and out of the lungs.
Cor Pulmonale: Enlargement of the right side of the heart. Cor pulmonale weakens the heart and causes increased shortness of breath and swelling in the feet and legs. Patients who have chronic COPD with low oxygen levels may develop this condition.
Coronary Angiography: (cardiac catheterization) A procedure that allows picture to be taken of the arteries supplying the heart with blood (the coronary arteries). Angiography shows blockages in the arteries.
Coronary Arteries: Network of blood vessels that branch off the aorta to supply the heart muscle with oxygen-rich blood. There are two main coronary arteries: the right and the left. The left splits into two arteries called the circumflex and the left anterior descending (LAD) arteries, thus, the heart is often considered to have three major coronary arteries.
Coronary Artery Disease (atherosclerosis): A build-up of fatty material in the wall of the coronary artery that causes narrowing of the artery.
Coronary Spasm: During coronary spasm, the coronary arteries restrict or spasm on and off, causing lack of blood supply to the heart muscle. It may occur at rest and can even occur in people without significant coronary artery disease.
CPAP (Continuous Positive Airway Pressure) Machine: A breathing machine that provides pressure to keep the upper airways open during breathing. This machine is often used for patients with obstructive sleep apnea.
CPR (Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation): A procedure using cardiac and respiratory equipment and medications possibly to restore the heartbeat and/or breathing.
Creatinine: A waste product in the blood that is removed by the kidneys and eliminated in the urine. Regular testing of the creatinine level serves as an indicator of how well the kidney is functioning.
Crossmatch: A test that establishes the compatibility or closeness of blood between the organ donor and recipient. A positive crossmatch shows that the donor and patient are incompatible. A negative crossmatch means there is no reaction between donor and patient and that the transplant may proceed.
Cyanosis: A blue tint to the skin, indicates the body is not receiving enough oxygen-rich blood.
Cyclosporine Level Test: A blood test that measures the amount of cyclosporine in the blood. Based on the amount of cyclosporine measured, a physician decides what dose of cyclosporine is appropriate for a patient.
Cytomegalovirus (CMV): A common virus that may be present without symptoms in healthy people, but can be a serious condition if present in transplant patients.
Decisional Incapacity: A condition in which a patient is unable to understand his or her choices or declare personal wishes about his or her care.
Deep Vein Thrombosis (DVT): A clot in a deep vein, usually the leg. Symptoms may include pain, swelling or no symptoms at all. If untreated, the clot could travel to the lungs.
Defibrillator: A machine that is used to administer an electric shock to the heart in order to reestablish normal heart rhythm.
Diabetes: A condition in which the body does not produce or respond to insulin (a hormone produced by your body, which allows blood sugar or glucose into your body's cells for energy.
Dialysis: An artificial means of cleansing the blood of waste products and removing fluids from the body when the patient’s own kidneys are unable to continue this process.
Diaphragm: The thin muscle below the lungs and heart that separates the chest cavity from the abdomen. The diaphragm is the most efficient breathing muscle.
Diaphragmatic: Surgery Surgery performed on the diaphragm. Diaphragmatic surgery may be performed to treat a hernia or any other conditions that affect the diaphragm.
Diastole: The part of the heart cycle during which the myocardium relaxes and expands. During diastole, blood fills the heart chambers.
Diastolic: The lower number in a blood pressure reading that indicates the pressure in the heart when the muscle is relaxed (the point of least pressure).
Diastolic Pressure: The pressure of the blood in the arteries when the heart is filling. It is the lower of two blood pressure measurements, e.g., 120/80, where 80 is the diastolic pressure.
Diffusion Capacity: A measurement of how much oxygen is carried from your lungs into your bloodstream.
Dilatation: The increase in size of a blood vessel.
Dilated Cardiomyopathy: A disease of the myocardium (heart muscle) that causes the heart cavity to become stretched and enlarged, and the pumping capacity of the heart is reduced.
Dipyridamole Stress Test: If you are unable to exercise on a treadmill or stationary bicycle for a stress test, a medication, called dipyridamole (Persantine) is used instead of exercise to test the heart's blood flow.
Diuretic: A drug that helps the body get rid of excess water by increasing the amount of urine the body excretes.
DNR Order (Do Not Resuscitate Order): An advanced directive that means no CPR is to be done when the heart and lungs stop.
Dobutamine Stress Echo Echocardiogram (dobutamine echo, pharmacological echocardiogram): A procedure that involves infusing a medication through an intravenous (IV) line, called dobutamine, while you are closely monitored. The medication stimulates your heart, to evaluate your heart and valve function at rest and with exertion, when you are unable to exercise on a treadmill or stationary cycle. Echocardiography is an imaging procedure that creates a graphic outline of the heart's movement, valves and chambers using high-frequency sound waves that come from a hand held wand placed on your chest. Echo is often combined with Doppler ultrasound and color Doppler to evaluate blood flow across the heart's valves.
Donor: A person who gives an organ, tissue or blood to another person. A compatible donor is a person who has the same tissue and blood types as the person who receives the organ, tissue or blood.
Durable Power of Attorney for Health Care: A written advance directive in which individuals name someone else (the "agent" or "proxy") to make health care decisions for them when they are unable to speak for themselves.
Dysautonomia (neurocardiogenic syncope, POTS - postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome): Dysfunction of the autonomic nervous syndrome. Causes symptoms of fatigue, dizziness, increased heart rate, and other symptoms. See syncope.
Dysphagia: Difficulty swallowing.
Dysplasia: Abnormal or precancerous cells or tissue.
Dyspnea: Shortness of breath, difficulty breathing.
Ebstein's Anomaly: A congenital malformation of the tricuspid valve. It usually occurs together with a septal defect.
Echocardiogram: An imaging procedure that creates a moving picture outline of the heart's valves and chambers using high-frequency sound waves that come from a hand held wand placed on your chest or passed down your throat. Echo is often combined with Doppler ultrasound and color Doppler to evaluate blood flow across the heart's valves. Doppler senses the speed of sound and can pick up abnormal leakage or blockage of valves.
ECMO - Extra Corporeal Membrane Oxygenation: In patients who are unable to provide oxygen for their own blood or enough blood circulation, they can be put on life support known as extra corporeal membrane oxygenation. The blood is withdrawn from a large vein in the body and passes through a pumping mechanism, and then through a device which puts oxygen into the blood and removes carbon dioxide from the blood. The blood is then returned to the body and circulated in such a way as to sustain life.
Ectopic: Out of place. An ectopic heart beat originates in an abnormal location of the heart.
Edema: Abnormal swelling of tissue due to fluid buildup, usually in the hands, feet, ankles, legs or abdomen; may be a complication of heart failure.
Eisenmenger's Complex: A disease characterized by thickening of the pulmonary arteries, elevated blood pressure in the lungs, and heart failure. Eisenmenger's syndrome develops as a complication of ventricular septal defect, a congenital disorder.
Ejection Fraction (EF): The amount of blood pumped out of a ventricle during each heart beat. The ejection fraction evaluates how well the heart is pumping; Normally 50 - 70 percent.
Electrocardiogram (EKG or ECG): A test that records on graph paper the electrical activity of the heart via small electrode patches attached to the skin. An EKG helps a physician determine the causes of abnormal heartbeat or detect heart damage.
Electrolyte: One of the substances in the blood that helps to regulate the proper balance of body fluids. Examples of electrolytes include sodium and potassium.
Electrophysiology (EP) Study: An EP Study is a recording of the electrical activity your heart. This test is used to help your doctor find out the cause of your rhythm disturbance and the best treatment for you. During the test, your doctor may safely reproduce your arrhythmia, then give you medications to see which one controls it best.
Embolism: The blockage of an artery by an embolus (see below).
Embolus: A blood clot that moves through the blood stream. When forced into a smaller blood vessel, it can create an obstruction.
Emphysema: A degenerative disease characterized by the destruction, or breakdown, of the walls of the alveoli (air sacs) located at the end of the bronchial tubes. The damaged alveoli are not able to exchange oxygen and carbon dioxide between the lungs and the blood. The bronchioles lose their elasticity and collapse during exhalation, trapping air in the lungs. The trapped air keeps fresh air and oxygen from entering the lungs.
Empyema: A collection of pus in the pleural space (the cavity between the lung and the membrane that surrounds it).
Endocarditis (SBE): An infection of the inner lining of the heart or its valves. It is usually caused by bacteria and is more likely to occur in people who have heart valve defects or have had heart surgery to treat valve disease.
Endocardium: The smooth, inner lining of the heart chambers.
Endoscopic Screenings: A diagnostic procedure used to view the lining of the esophagus, stomach, small bowel or colon.
Endothelium: The interior surfaces of blood vessels. The endothelium, which is the site of atherosclerosis in arteries, is composed of specialized cells called epithelial cells.
Endotracheal Tube (b reathing tube ): A temporary tube put into the nose or mouth. Anesthesia or air and oxygen pass through the tube allowing artificial breathing.
Enhanced External Counterpulsation (EECP): A treatment for those with symptomatic coronary artery disease, not eligible for standard treatments of revascularization. During EECP, cuffs wrapped around the calves, thighs and buttocks are inflated and deflated, gently but firmly compressing the blood vessels in the lower limbs, increasing blood flow to the heart. EECP may stimulate the openings or formation of collateral vessels to create a "natural bypass" around narrowed or blocked arteries.
Enzyme: A protein in cells that stimulates chemical reactions in the body.
Epicardium: The thin membrane surrounding the myocardium
Epidemiology: The study of large populations to determine the frequency, distribution, and risk factors associated with a particular disease.
Epinephrine: A hormone produced by the adrenal glands that also acts as a neurotransmitter for nerve cells. As part of the fight-or-flight response, epinephrine signals the heart to pump harder, increases blood pressure and has other effects on the cardiovascular system. Also called adrenaline.
Erythrocyte (red blood cell, red cell, red corpuscle): Red blood cell that delivers oxygen to tissues and removes carbon dioxide and other waste products.
Esophageal Cancer: The uncontrolled growth of abnormal cells in the esophagus. The uncontrolled reproduction of cells results in the formation of tumors that can block or compress the esophagus.
Esophageal Diverticulum: A sac or pouch protruding from the esophagus.
Esophageal Manometry: A test that measures the timing and strength of the contractions of the esophagus and the relaxations of the lower esophageal sphincter valve.
Esophageal Perforation: A tear in the esophagus that requires emergency surgical treatment.
Esophageal pH Test: A test that measures the pH in the esophagus to determine if you have GERD.
Esophagectomy: Also called esophageal resection surgery. Surgical removal of the esophagus. An esophagectomy may be performed as a treatment for high-grade dysplasia or cancer.
Esophagitis: An inflammation of the lining of the esophagus.
Esophagogastrectomy: The removal of a portion of the lower esophagus and part of the stomach for treatment of tumors or strictures of those organs.
Esophagoscopy: A diagnostic test in which a flexible, narrow tube called an endoscope is passed through the mouth or nose into the esophagus to produce images of the inside of the esophagus. This video examination projects images onto a screen.
Esophagus: The muscular tube that extends from the neck to the abdomen and connects the throat to the stomach.
Essential Fatty Acid: A type of fatty acid that the body cannot produce and which must be obtained from food; play a role in recovery after surgery, the making of cell membranes, and prevention of infection.
Estrogen: The primary female sex hormone.
Event Monitor (loop recorder): A small recorder (monitor) is attached to electrodes on your chest. It is worn continuously for a period of time. If symptoms are felt, an event button can be depressed, and the heart's rhythm is recorded and saved in the recorder. The rhythm can be saved and transmitted over the phone line.
Exacerbation: Worsening.
Exercise Stress Echocardiogram (stress echo): A procedure that combines echocardiography with exercise to evaluate the heart's function at rest and with exertion. Echocardiography is an imaging procedure that creates a picture of the heart's movement, valves and chambers using high-frequency sound waves that come from a hand held wand placed on your chest. Echo is often combined with Doppler ultrasound and color Doppler to evaluate blood flow across the heart's valves.
Exercise Stress Test: A test used to provide information about how the heart responds to stress. It usually involves walking on a treadmill or pedaling a stationary bike at increasing levels of difficulty, while the electrocardiogram, heart rate and blood pressure are monitored. When one is not able to do activity, medications may be used to "stress" the heart. This is called a pharmacological stress test.
Fat: A high-energy fuel source.
Fat Substitute: Fat substitutes are ingredients that mimic one or more of the roles of fat in a food.
Fatty Acid: A building block of fat.
Fiber: An indigestible carbohydrate found in fruits and vegetables; aids in digestion.
Fibrillation: Abnormally rapid, inefficient contractions of the atria or ventricles. Ventricular fibrillation is life-threatening.
Fibrin: A protein that helps blood to clot and aids in the healing of wounds. Fibrin is also a component of artery-clogging plaque.
Flutter: A rapid type of heart beat.
Foramen Ovale: An opening between the atria of the heart that normally closes shortly after birth. An atrial septal defect may develop if the foramen ovale fails to close properly.
Free Mammary Artery Graft: When the surgeon removes the mammary artery from its origin to use as a bypass graft.
Free Radical: A destructive fragment of oxygen produced as a byproduct when cells use oxygen to burn fat.
Gangrene: Death of tissue due to inadequate blood supply, usually affects the extremities (hands or feet), is more likely to occur in people with atherosclerosis, vascular disease, or other conditions associated with poor blood circulation.
Gastroenterologist: Physician who specializes in diagnosing and treating disorders of the digestive system, such as hepatitis, ulcerative colitis, Crohn's disease, and colon or rectal cancer. Gastroenterologists may perform many specialized tests, such as endoscopy, to diagnose or treat diseases. When necessary, they may consult with surgeons.
Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD): A condition that occurs when the contents of the stomach travel back up into the esophagus. When you swallow, food passes down your throat and through your esophagus to your stomach. A valve called the lower esophageal sphincter (LES) controls the passage of food from the esophagus to the stomach when you swallow. It remains tightly closed except when you swallow food. When this muscle fails to close or opens spontaneously, the acid, bile and food contents of the stomach can travel backward into the esophagus. When stomach acid enters the lower part of the esophagus, it can produce a burning sensation, commonly referred to as heartburn.
Gastrostomy: An artificial opening from the stomach to a hole (stoma) in the abdomen where a feeding tube is inserted. The feeding tube allows the delivery of nutrients directly into the small intestine, bypassing the stomach. A feeding may be needed temporarily after certain surgeries to allow recovery. See also enteral nutrition.
Gene Therapy: Gene therapy is correcting functional gene loss by delivering genes to human tissues. Often DNA viruses engineered to be safe or nonviral DNA are used to help deliver a healthy gene to the tissue cells.
Gingival Hypertrophy: Enlargement of the gums. A common side effect of the medication cyclosporine (Sandimmune), this condition is easily managed with good oral hygiene.
Glucose: Blood sugar. Manufactured by the body from carbohydrates, protein, and fat, glucose is the main source of energy for all living organisms.
Graft: A transplanted tissue or organ (such as the lung or liver).
Great Vessels: The large blood vessels that enter the heart: the aorta, the pulmonary artery and vein, and the venae cavae.
H2-Receptor Antagonists: Also called H2 receptor blockers or histamine receptor blockers. Medications that control or eliminate acid, but may not be as effective as proton pump inhibitors. H2-receptor antagonists may be used to treat gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and include cimetidine (Tagamet HB), famotidine (Pepcid AC), nizatidine (Axid AR), and ranitidine (Zantac 75). Some of these medications are available over-the-counter, but should not be used for more than a few weeks at a time.
Head Upright Tilt Test (HUT, tilt table test, head-up tilt test): A test used to determine the cause of fainting spells. The test involves being tilted at different angles for a period of time. Heart rhythm, blood pressure, and other measurements are evaluated with changes in position.
Heart Attack (myocardial infarction): Permanent damage to the heart muscle caused by a lack of blood supply to the heart for an extended time period. The severity of damage varies from normal, mild, to severe.
Heart Block: An arrhythmia. The electrical current is slowed between the atria and ventricles. In more severe cases, conduction is blocked completely and the atria and ventricles beat independently.
Heart Burn: A burning sensation in the chest that may occur after eating, bending, stretching, exercise and sometimes at night when lying down. Heartburn symptoms are usually relieved by antacids and may be more frequent or worse at night.
Heart Failure (CHF - Congestive Heart Failure): A chronic, progressive disease in which the myocardium (heart muscle) weakens and can not pump blood efficiently. Fluid accumulates in the lungs, hands, ankles, or other parts of the body.
Heart Lung Bypass Machine: A machine that oxygenates the blood and circulates it throughout the body during surgery.
Heart Monitor: An electrocardiography machine designed to monitor heart function continuously.
Heart Surgery: Heart surgery is any surgery, which involves the heart or heart valves.
Heart Valve: There are four valves in the heart: the tricuspid and the mitral valve, which lie between the atria and ventricles and the pulmonic and aortic valves which lie between the ventricles and the blood vessels leaving the heart. The heart valves help to maintain one-way blood flow through the heart.
Heller Myotomy: A surgical treatment for achalasia in which the muscles of the valve between the esophagus into the stomach are cut. Traditional Heller myotomy surgery is completed through an open incision in the abdomen or through an incision in the left side of the chest between the ribs. Laparoscopic Heller myotomy surgery can be performed using smaller incisions with a minimally invasive approach.
Hemoglobin: A protein in red blood cells that transports oxygen and carbon dioxide and gives blood its red color.
Hemorrhaging: Heavy bleeding. A cerebral hemorrhage can lead to a stroke.
Heparin Lock (Hep-Lock): A small tube connected to a catheter in a vein in the arm for easy access.
Herpes: An infection for which transplant patients are at risk. It appears as small sores on the skin, lips or genitals. When there are no sores, the herpes virus lies dormant (not causing infection) in the body.
Hiatal Hernia: Also called hiatus hernia. An area of the stomach that bulges up into the chest through the hiatus. Normally, the esophagus (food pipe) goes through the hiatus to drain into the stomach. In a hiatal hernia , the stomach bulges up into the chest through that opening.
Hiatus: An opening in the diaphragm -- the muscular wall separating the chest cavity from the abdomen.
Hibernating Myocardium: After a heart attack, some areas of heart muscle do not pump as they should. Some areas will have permanent damage. Other areas are able to return to their normal function if blood flow is returned to that area by medications or a procedure. Hibernating myocardium is heart muscle that is "resting" and may possibly return to normal function.
High Blood Pressure: See hypertension
High Density Lipoprotein (HDL): Lipoprotein particle in the blood. HDL is known as "good" cholesterol because it deposits cholesterol in the liver, where it is excreted by the body. High HDL is thought to protect against coronary artery disease.
Hirsutism: An excessive increase of hair growth, sometimes leading to male-pattern hair growth in a female. A common side effect of corticosteroids, it can also occur with cyclosporine (Sandimmune) therapy. Hirsutism can be easily treated with depilatory creams or other hair removal methods.
Histamine: A naturally-occurring substance that is released by the immune system after being exposed to an allergen. When you inhale an allergen, mast cells located in the nose and sinus membranes release histamine. Histamine then attaches to receptors on nearby blood vessels, causing them to enlarge (dilate). Histamine also binds to other receptors located in nasal tissues, causing redness, swelling, itching and changes in the secretions.
Histamine Receptor Blockers (H2 blockers): See H2 receptor antagonists.
Histocompatibility Antigens: Molecules found on all nucleated cells in the body that characterize each individual as unique. These antigens are inherited from one's parents. Human leukocyte antigens determine the compatibility of tissues for transplantation from one individual to another.
HLA System (Human Leukocyte Antigens): There are three major genetically controlled groups: HLA-A, HLA-B and HLA-DR. In transplantation, the HLA tissue types of the donor and recipient are sometimes an important part of the selection process. This depends on the recipient's antibodies.
Holter Monitor: A small recorder (monitor) is attached to electrodes on your chest. It records the heart's rhythm continuously for 24 hours. After the monitor is removed the heart's beats are counted and analyzed by a technician with the aid of a computer. Your doctor can learn if you are having irregular heart beats, what kind they are, how long they last, as well as what may cause them.
Homocysteine: An amino acid. High levels of homocysteine are a risk factor for coronary artery disease.
Hormone: A chemical produced by the body that travels the bloodstream delivering messages between organs and glands.
Hospice: A program that provides care for the terminally ill in the form of pain relief, counseling, and support, either at home or in a facility.
Hydration: Provision of fluids by any means to prevent dehydration.
Hydrogenation: A process used by food manufacturers to harden unsaturated liquid vegetable oils into saturated fats, in order to increase the shelf-life of a product or make it thicker in consistency.
Hyperhidrosis: A medical condition in which a person sweats excessively and unpredictably. People with hyperhidrosis can sweat even when the temperature is cool, and when they are at rest.
Hyperlipidemia: High levels of fatty substances in the blood, such as cholesterol and triglycerides.
Hypertension: High blood pressure.
Hyperthyroidism: A condition caused by excessive production of thyroid hormones; can cause irregular heartbeat.
Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy (HCM): In this condition, the muscle mass of the left ventricle enlarges or "hypertrophies."
Hypertrophy: An abnormal enlargement of an organ or thickening of its tissue. Ventricular hypertrophy is the name given to a thickened ventricle.
Hyperventilation: Excessive rate and depth of breathing.
Hypotension: Low blood pressure.
Hypoxia: Insufficient oxygen in the tissues, even though blood flow is adequate.
I/E Ratio: Inhalation/exhalation ratio, or the relative length of inhalation (breathing in) compared to exhalation (breathing out).
Idiopathic: When the cause of a disease or process is not known.
IHSS: Idiopathic Hypertrophic Subaortic Stenosis is another term used synonymously with hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy.
Iliac Veins: The two principal veins returning blood from the lower part of the body. The iliac veins eventually join to form the inferior vena cava.
Immune Response: The body's defense against foreign objects or organisms, such as bacteria, viruses or transplanted organs or tissue.
Immune System: The body's response mechanism for fighting against bacteria, viruses and other foreign substances. If a cell or tissue (such as bacteria or a transplanted organ) is recognized as not belonging to the body, the immune system will act against the "invader." The immune system is the body's way to fight disease.
Immunosuppressant Drug: A drug that prevents the immune system from responding to cells that it recognizes as foreign to the body. Such drugs prevent the immune system from recognizing that a transplanted organ, such as a lung, is not the organ a person had when he or she was born.
Immunosuppression: The artificial suppression of the immune response, usually through drugs, so that the body will not reject a transplanted organ or tissue. Drugs commonly used to suppress the immune system after transplant include prednisone, azathioprine (Imuran), mycophenolate mofetil (CellCept), and cyclosporine (Neoral).
Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator (ICD): An ICD is a surgically inserted electronic device that constantly monitors your heart rate and rhythm. When it detects a very fast, abnormal heart rhythm, it delivers electrical energy to the heart muscle. This causes the heart to beat in a normal rhythm again.
Incentive Spirometer: A device that is used to encourage deep inspiration to expand the lungs and improve cough effectiveness.
Infarction: Tissue death due to lack of oxygen-rich blood.
Infectious Disease Team: A team of physicians and nurses who help control the hospital environment to protect you against harmful sources of infection.
Inflammation: One of the body’s defense mechanisms, inflammation results in increased blood flow in response to infection and certain chronic conditions. Symptoms of inflammation include redness, swelling, pain and heat.
Informed Consent: A process of reaching an agreement based on full disclosure. Informed consent has components of disclosure, comprehension, competence and voluntary response. Informed consent often refers to the process by which one decides to donate the organs of a loved one.
Innocent Heart Murmurs (functional or physiologic murmur): Sounds made by the blood circulating through the heart's chambers and valves or through blood vessels near the heart. Innocent murmurs are common in children and are quite harmless.
Innominate Veins: The two principle veins returning blood from the upper part of the body. The innominate veins eventually join to form the superior vena cava.
Inotrope Medication: A medication used to strengthen the heart's contractions and improve blood circulation.
Insomnia: Difficulty sleeping
Insulin: A hormone produced by the pancreas that helps the body metabolize sugar.
Intensive Care Unit (ICU): A special nursing area devoted to providing continuous and immediate care to patients recovering right after surgery or to seriously ill patients.
Intermittent Claudication: Leg pain brought on by walking because of narrowed or blocked arteries cannot provide enough blood flow to the muscles of the legs. Intermittent claudication can be caused by atherosclerosis or a spasm or occlusion in an artery.
Intima: The inner layer of the arterial wall. Atherosclerosis originates in the intima.
Intra-Aortic Balloon Pump Assist Device: The intra-aortic balloon pump is a machine that can help the pumping function of the heart. It is usually inserted through an artery in the groin area and threaded backwards into the descending thoracic aorta in the chest. In this location the balloon inflates and deflates in synchrony with the heart in order to aid the blood pumping function of the heart in patients with cardiac disease.
Intracardiac Tumor: An Intracardiac Tumor can be any tumor of the heart, either malignant or benign. The most common tumor of the heart is a benign atrial myxoma.
Intravascular: Inside a blood vessel.
Intravascular ultrasound (IVUS): An invasive procedure, performed along with cardiac catheterization; a miniature sound probe (transducer) on the tip of a coronary catheter is threaded through the coronary arteries and, using high-frequency sound waves, produces detailed images of the interior walls of the arteries.
Intravenous (IV): Delivery of drugs, fluids or food directly into a vein.
Intubation: Placing a tube in the trachea (wind pipe) to enable artificial breathing.
Invasive: Penetrating. Invasive tests or procedures are those that penetrate the body or puncture the skin.
Ischemia: Reduced blood flow to an area of the body due to an obstructed vessel.
Ischemic Ulcers: Non-healing ulcers on feet or hands, usually quite painful. Often blood flow needs to be increased before the ulcer will heal.
Jejunostomy Tube (J-tube): A feeding tube that is inserted through the skin on the abdomen into the small intestine. The feeding tube allows the delivery of nutrients directly into the small intestine, bypassing the stomach. A J-tube may be needed temporarily after certain surgeries to allow recovery.
Laparoscopic Antireflux Surgery: See Nissen fundoplication.
Laparoscopic Heller Myotomy: A minimally-invasive surgical procedure used to treat achalasia. This surgical treatment opens up the lower valve (lower esophageal sphincter) so that food passes from the mouth to the stomach by gravity. Because the lower esophageal sphincter’s function is to stop the return of gastric contents into the esophagus, a partial fundoplication procedure is also performed to minimize reflux and protect the esophagus from damaging gastroesophageal reflux (GERD).
Laparoscopic Surgery: A minimally invasive surgical technique. During laparoscopic surgery, the surgeon inserts a thin, telescopic-like instrument called a laparoscope through a small incision above the umbilicus (belly button). The laparoscope is connected to a tiny video camera -- smaller than a dime -- that projects a view of the abdomen onto video monitors located in the operating room. The abdomen is inflated with carbon dioxide, a gas, to allow your surgeon a better view of the operative area. Three or four additional small incisions are made in the abdomen through which the surgeon inserts specialized surgical instruments. The surgeon uses these instruments to perform the operation. As compared with traditional surgery, patients who undergo laparoscopic surgery experience decreased postoperative pain, shorter hospital stay and a more rapid recovery and return to work. Other possible benefits include reduced risk of infection and less bleeding.
Laparoscopy: An evaluation that involves looking into the abdominal cavity with a special camera (called a laparoscope).
Lead Extraction: A lead is a special wire that delivers energy from a pacemaker or implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) to the heart muscle. A lead extraction is the removal of one or more leads from inside the heart. Leads that are placed outside the heart during open heart surgery cannot be removed during this type of procedure.
Leaflets: Thin pieces of tissue or flaps that make up a valve.
Left Ventricular Assist Device (LVAD): In patients with end-stage heart disease whose hearts do not pump a sufficient amount of blood to keep the body healthy, it is possible to place a mechanical device that aids in the pumping function of the blood. This device is known as a left ventricular assist device. There are many devices available for implantation.
Legal Guardian: A person charged (usually by court appointment) with the power and duty of taking care of and managing the property and rights of another person who is unable to take care of their own affairs.
Leukocyte (white blood cell): Cells in the blood that seeks and destroys disease-causing microorganisms.
Leukotriene Modifier: medication that blocks chemicals called leukotrienes in the airways. Leukotrienes occur naturally in the body and cause tightening of airway muscles and production of excess mucus and fluid. Leukotriene modifiers work by blocking leukotrienes and decreasing these reactions.
Life-Sustaining Treatment: A medical treatment given to a patient that prolongs life and delays death.
Linolenic Acid (Omega 3): An essential fatty acid. Omega3, which is found in fish and certain plants, may reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and myocardial infarction by lowering triglyceride levels and blood pressure and preventing the formation of life-threatening thrombi.
Lipid: Fat circulating in the blood.
Lipoprotein: A combination of fat and protein that transports lipids (fats) in the blood.
Living Will: A written advance directive in which an individual states which health care decisions should be made if the individual becomes unable to make these decisions.
Lobectomy: Removal of a lobe of the lung. Lobectomy is the most common surgery performed to treat lung cancer. Also see video-assisted lobectomy surgery.
Long QT Syndrome (LQTS): LQTS is a disorder of the heart’s electrical system. LQTS is a defect in the ion channels, causing a delay in the time it takes for the electrical system to recharge after each heartbeat. When the QT interval is longer than normal, it increases the risk for torsade de pointes, a life-threatening form of ventricular tachycardia.
Loop Recorder (event monitor): A small recorder (monitor) is attached to electrodes on your chest. It is worn continuously for a period of time. If symptoms are felt, an event button can be depressed, and the heart's rhythm is recorded and saved in the recorder. The rhythm can be saved and transmitted over a phone line.
Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL): A lipoprotein particle in the blood responsible for depositing cholesterol into the lining of the artery. Known as "bad" cholesterol because high LDL is linked to coronary artery disease.
Lower Esophageal Sphincter (LES): A valve located at the end of the esophagus that controls the passage of food from the esophagus to the stomach when you swallow.
Lumen: The hollow cavity of a blood vessel or other tubular organ.
Lung Biopsy: A procedure in which several small samples of lung tissue are removed through a small incision between the ribs. The lung tissue is examined under a microscope by expert pathologists and may also be sent to a laboratory to be cultured. The lung tissue is examined for the presence of lung diseases such as infectious or interstitial lung disease.
Lung Cancer: The uncontrolled growth of abnormal cells in the lung or lungs. The uncontrolled reproduction of cells results in the formation of tumors that can block or compress airways and displace or damage normal lung tissue. This can make the lung stop functioning as it should.
Lung Failure: Also called respiratory failure. The sudden inability of the lungs to provide normal oxygen delivery or normal carbon dioxide removal.
Lung Nodule: Also called pulmonary nodule. A round lesion or growth located within the lung. Lung nodules usually do not cause symptoms, but may be detected on a chest x-ray. More than half of lung nodules are noncancerous (benign) and may be caused by a previous infection. A needle biopsy may be required to test the nodule to determine if is benign or malignant.
Lung Transplant: A surgical procedure in which a healthy lung from a donor replaces the recipient's unhealthy lung. Lung transplant is a treatment option reserved for selected patients with chronic lung diseases.
Lung Volume Reduction Surgery: A surgical procedure performed to remove diseased, emphysematous lung tissue. This procedure reduces the size of an over-inflated lung and allows the expansion of the remaining, often more functional lung. This surgery has been shown to help improve breathing ability, lung capacity and overall quality of life in selected patients.
Lupus (SLE - Systemic Lupus Erythematosus): A chronic autoimmune disorder in which a person's natural antibodies, which normally fight infection, damage parts of the central nervous system, connective tissue, or internal organs such as the lungs or kidneys. Lupus can cause heart valve disorders.
Lymphatic Vessels: Drain lymph from tissues and returns it to the blood.
Lymphedema: Chronic swelling of an arm or leg due to a blockage of the lymph vessels.
Lymphoma: Cancer that occurs in cells of the lymphatic system. Lymphoma includes Hodgkin’s disease and non Hodgkin’s lymphoma.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI): A test that produces high-quality still and moving pictures of the heart and large blood vessels. MRI uses large magnets and radiofrequency waves to produce pictures of the body's internal structures. No X-ray exposure is involved. MRI acquires information about the heart as it is beating; creating moving images of the heart throughout its pumping cycle.
Mammary Artery: Also called thoracic artery. Artery located in the chest wall and used for coronary artery bypass surgery. Most commonly kept intact at its origin, and sewn to the coronary artery beyond the site of blockage. If the surgeon removes the mammary artery from its origin to use as a bypass graft, it is then called a "free" mammary artery bypass graft.
Marfan Syndrome: A condition that affects the connective tissue. Connective tissue holds the body together and provides support to many structures throughout the body. In Marfan syndrome, the body's connective tissue isn't normal. As a result, many body systems are affected, including the heart,blood vessels, bones, tendons, cartilage, eyes, nervous system, skin and lungs.
Maze Procedure: The Maze procedure is a surgical treatment for chronic atrial fibrillation. The surgeon makes multiple incisions in the atrium to form a path or maze through which the impulse can travel to reach the atrioventricular node. After this is done the atrium is sewn back together and a normal rhythm is more easily maintained.
Mechanical Valve: In people who require heart valve replacement surgery, it is sometimes desirable to implant a mechanical valve. A mechanical valve is made of artificial parts and functions similarly to a normal heart valve. People who have a mechanical valve implanted must take blood thinners lifelong to prevent blood clots from forming on the mechanical valve.
Mediastinal Tumor: A benign or cancerous growth that forms in the area of the chest that separates the lungs (mediastinum).
Mediastinoscopy: A minimally invasive surgical technique used to treat some mediastinal tumors. During this procedure, a small incision is made through which an instrument is passed to biopsy lymph nodes in the chest cavity. This test is performed under general anesthesia in the operating room of a hospital and takes 1 to 2 hours (same day procedure).
Mediastinotomy: A procedure in which a tube is inserted into the chest to view the organs in the mediastinum. The tube is inserted through an incision next to the breastbone.
Mediastinum: The area of the chest that separates the lungs. It is surrounded by the breastbone in the front, the spine in the back and the lungs on each side. It contains the heart, aorta, esophagus, thymus and trachea.
Medical Student: A student in the third or fourth year of medical school training. The student doctor assists the primary and resident doctors in daily care of patients.
Mesenteric Arterial Ultrasound: A non-invasive imaging procedure that uses high-frequency sound waves to view the arteries supplying gastrointestinal tract to determine the presence of narrowing.
Metabolic Exercise Stress Test (also called metabolic stress test): A test used to measure the performance of the heart and lungs while they are under physical stress. The test involves walking on a treadmill or pedaling a stationary bike at increasing levels of difficulty, while being closely monitored.
Metabolism: The sum of all processes involved in converting nutrients into energy for use by the body.
Mineral: An inorganic compound needed by the body for good health, proper metabolic functioning, and disease prevention. Examples are calcium, magnesium, and iron.
Mini-stroke: Transient Ischemic attack
Minimally Invasive Heart Surgery: Minimally Invasive Heart Surgery is a technique developed to reduce the trauma associated with surgery. The incision through which the surgeon works is smaller. This smaller incision may allow the patient to heal more rapidly and decrease the time to recovery and full activity. It also helps to reduce the pain and discomfort associated with heart surgery.
Minimally Invasive Thoracic Surgery (MIS): See video-assisted thoracic surgery.
Mitral Insufficiency: Mitral insufficiency is a condition where blood in the left ventricle leaks back through the mitral valve into the left atrium and can back into the lungs. The mitral valve normally opens to allow blood to flow into the left ventricle and then closes, preventing blood from backing up into the atrium during the ventricle's contraction.
Mitral Stenosis: Mitral stenosis is a condition in where the mitral valve becomes narrowed or stenotic preventing the easy flow of blood from the left atrium into the left ventricle.
Mitral Valve: The mitral valve is the valve that lies between the left atrium and left ventricle (main pumping chamber of the heart). This valve allows blood to flow from the left atrium into the left ventricle and then prevents the back flow of blood into the left atrium during ventricular contraction.
mm Hg: An abbreviation that stands for "millimeters of mercury." Blood pressure is measured in mm Hg.
Monounsaturated Fat: A fat composed mostly of monounsaturated fatty acids.
Morbidity Rate: The percentage of people who have complications after a procedure or treatment.
Mortality Rate: The percentage of deaths associated with a disease or medical treatment.
Motility Disorder: Also called esophageal motor disorder. A disorder affecting the movement of food from the esophagus to the stomach.
Mucus Clearing Device: Also called a PEP device. A device used to loosen mucus in the airways so it can be coughed up more easily.
Multigated Acquisition Scan (MUGA scan): A nuclear scan that evaluates the pumping function of the ventricles.
Murmur: Turbulent blood flow through a defective heart valve or narrowed chamber, creating a "swishing" sound heard by a stethoscope.
Myasthenia Gravis: A chronic disease characterized by weakness and rapid fatigue of the voluntary muscles. The weakness is due to a breakdown in communication between a nerve ending and its adjoining muscle fiber. The onset of myasthenia gravis can be sudden, with severe and generalized muscle weakness, but more often its symptoms in the early stages are subtle and variable, making it difficult to diagnose correctly.
Myocardial Biopsy (cardiac biopsy): An invasive procedure that involves using a bioptome (a small catheter with a grasping device on the end) to obtain a small piece of heart muscle tissue that is sent to a laboratory for analysis.
Myocardial Infarction (heart attack): A sudden obstruction of blood flow through a coronary artery that results in the death of heart tissue. The immediate cause of a myocardial infarction is usually a thrombus that forms near the site of ruptured plaque.
Myocarditis: An inflammation of the myocardium (heart muscle)
Myocardium: Heart muscle. The muscular, middle layer of heart tissue that contracts rhythmically during heartbeat.
Myomectomy: In patients with idiopathic hypertrophic subaortic stenosis (IHSS) also known as hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (HOCM) one surgical option is to perform a myomectomy which is a resection of a thickened portion of the muscular septum thereby relieving the obstruction to blood flow in the left ventricle during contraction.
Neurocardiogenic Syncope (POTS - Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome, dysautonomia): Dysfunction of the autonomic nervous syndrome. Causes symptoms of fatigue, dizziness, increased heart rate, and other symptoms. See syncope.
Nicotine: Nicotine is a substance found in cigarettes and considered an addictive drug. It causes changes in the brain that make people want to use it more and more. In addition, addictive drugs cause unpleasant withdrawal symptoms. (www.heart.org/HEARTORG)
NIH: National Institute of Health
Nissen Fundoplication: A minimally invasive procedure that corrects gastroesophageal reflux by creating an effective valve mechanism at the bottom of the esophagus.
Nitroglycerin: A medication used to relax and dilate the blood vessels (vasodilator), improving blood flow. Nitroglycerin works very quickly and is the most common vasodilator used to treat angina (chest discomfort).
Non-Q-wave MI: A MI or heart attack that does not cause changes on the electrocardiogram (ECG) however, chemical markers in the blood indicate that damage has occurred to the heart muscle. In non-Q-wave MI, a clot may block the coronary artery for a period of time, and then break up by itself or collateral circulation may help to restore blood flow to the area of ischemia (lack of blood supply). The size of damage is fairly small; therefore, overall function of the heart is usually maintained.
Noncompliance: Failure to follow instructions given by health care providers, such as not taking medication as prescribed or not attending follow-up appointments.
Noninvasive: Nonpenetrating. Noninvasive tests or procedures do not penetrate the body and are usually considered low-risk and painless.
Norepinephrine: A hormone produced by the adrenal glands that also acts as a neurotransmitter for nerve cells. Part of the fight-or-flight response.
NOTA: The National Organ Transplant Act, passed by Congress in 1984, outlawed the sale of human organs and initiated the development of a national system for organ sharing and a scientific registry to collect and report transplant data.
Nuclear Scan: Nuclear imaging is a method of producing images by detecting radiation from different parts of the body after the administration of a radioactive tracer material.
Obesity: Excess of body fat that is 20 percent or more over a person's ideal weight. Obesity strains the cardiovascular system and increases the risk of diabetes, hypertension, and elevated lipid levels.
Occlusion: Complete blockage of a vessel.
Odynophagia: Pain when swallowing.
Off Pump Heart Surgery: Off pump heart surgery, usually off pump coronary artery bypass, is heart surgery done without the use of the cardiopulmonary bypass machine.
Ohio Solid Organ Transplantation Consortium (OSOTC): An organization that establishes and enforces regulations to ensure equality in organ transplantation and fairness in distribution of donor organs.
Ombudsman: The staff of the Ombudsman's office is available to patients and family members to help investigate and solve problems with medical service. The Ombudsman acts as a "go-between" for the patient and Cleveland Clinic. The ombudsmen report directly to key administrators and have the authority to investigate patient complaints. To contact an ombudsman, call 216.444.2544.
Omega 3 (Linolenic acid): An essential fatty acid. Omega 3, which is found in fish and certain plants, may reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and myocardial infarction by lowering triglyceride levels and blood pressure and preventing the formation of life-threatening thrombi.
Open Heart Surgery: Any of a number of invasive cardiac (heart) surgical procedures.
Organ Preservation: Between procurement from a donor and transplant, organs require special methods of preservation. The length of time that organs and tissues can be kept outside the body vary, depending on the organ, the preservation fluid and the temperature.
Osteoporosis: A severe weakening of bone
Oxidation: A process in which free radicals released during metabolism damage cells and the DNA that control cell growth. Oxidation can accelerate the process of atherosclerosis by damaging particles of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, making them more potent as a plaque builder.
Pacemaker: A small electronic device is implanted under the skin and sends electrical impulses to the heart muscle to maintain a suitable heart rate and to prevent slow heart rates.
Palliative Care: Medical treatments intended to control suffering and discomfort (such as pain medication or treatment of an infection). These treatments will not cure the patient.
Palpitation: A fluttering sensation in the chest that is often related to a missed heart beat or rapid heartbeat.
Panel Reactive Antibody (PRA): The percentage of cells from a panel of donors with which a potential recipient's blood serum reacts. The more antibodies in the recipient's blood, the higher the PRA. The higher the PRA, the less chance of getting a good crossmatch.
Papillary Muscles: Small muscles that are part of the inside walls of the ventricles and attach to the chordae tendineae.
Parenteral Nutrition: A method of providing food through a tube placed in the nose, the stomach or the small intestine. A tube in the nose is called a nasogastric or nasoenteral tube. A tube that goes through the skin into the stomach is called a gastrostomy or percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy (PEG). A tube into the small intestine is called a jejunostomy or percutaneous endoscopic jejunostomy (PEJ) tube. Also called tube feeding. See also gastrostomy and jejunostomy.
Parietal Pericardium: The fibrous outer layer of the pericardium
Patency Rate: The likelihood that a vessel will remain open.
Patient Service Representative: Members of this department can address or direct questions concerning hospital policies and procedures, secure patient valuables and belongings, and provide notary service.
Pectus Excavatum: Also known as sunken or funnel chest. A congenital chest wall deformity in which several ribs and the sternum grow abnormally, producing a concave, or caved-in, appearance to the front of the chest wall.
Penile Pulse Volume Recording: A procedure that tests the blood flow to the penis.
Pericardial Cavity: The space between the epicardium and the outer layer of the pericardium. The cavity is normally filled with a small amount of clear fluid that reduces the friction between the two membranes.
Pericardial Effusion: Presence of an abnormal amount and/or type of fluid in the pericardial space.
Pericardial Space: The space between the layers of the pericardium. It contains fluid that lubricates the membrane surfaces and allows easy heart movement.
Pericardiocentesis (pericardial tap): An invasive procedure that involves using a needle and catheter to remove fluid from the sac around the heart. The fluid may then be sent to a laboratory for tests to look for signs of infection or cancer.
Pericarditis: An inflammation of the membrane surrounding the heart, usually accompanied by fluid buildup; can cause irregular heart beat.
Pericardium: The sac that surrounds the heart.
Peripheral Artery Disease (PAD): Damage or narrowing to the blood vessels that carry blood away from the heart to your arms, legs or organs.
Peripheral Intervention: An attempt to increase artery blood flow to a limb or organ by opening a narrowed area. A stent may be used to try to keep the artery open.
Peripheral Vascular Disease (PVD): Damage to or blockage in the veins that carry blood from your arms and legs back to your heart
Peritoneum: The inner lining of the abdomen.
Permanently Unconscious State: A condition of coma in which a patient is irreversibly unaware of himself and his environment, and has a total loss of higher brain functioning, resulting in no capacity to experience pain or suffering.
Persistent Vegetative State: Same as "permanently unconscious state."
Pharmacologist: A medication specialist who checks your blood levels to monitor your response to immunosuppressive medications.
Physical Therapist: An expert who can recommend exercises to help you maintain flexibility and regain your strength.
Phytochemical: An organic compound found in plants that is believed to play a role in preventing cardiovascular or other diseases.
Plaque: Deposits of fats, inflammatory cells, proteins and calcium material along the lining of arteries, caused by atherosclerosis. The plaque builds up and narrows the artery
Platelet Antagonist: A type of anticoagulant medication that prevents blood clotting by interfering with the activity of platelets, such as aspirin.
Platelets: Components of blood that aid in clotting.
Pleura: The thin membrane that lines the outside of the lungs and the inside of the chest cavity. The pleura acts as a lubricant to hep you breathe easily. Normally, very little fluid is present in the pleura.
Pleural Effusion: An excessive build-up of fluid between the layers of the pleura.
Pleural Mesothelioma: A rare form of cancer in which tumors form in the sac lining the chest (the pleura) or the abdomen (the peritoneum). Most people with mesothelioma have worked in jobs where they breathed asbestos. Symptoms include shortness of breath, pain in the chest, or pain or swelling in the abdomen.
Pleural Space: The cavity between the lung and the membrane that surrounds it.
Pleuroscopy: Another term for minimally invasive thoracic surgery. See video-assisted thoracic surgery (VATS).
Pneumonectomy: Surgical removal of a lung, usually as a treatment for cancer.
Pneumonia: A group of diseases that cause infection or inflammation (swelling) in the lungs. Pneumonia causes air sacs in the lungs to fill with pus and other fluids, making it difficult for oxygen to reach the blood. People who are otherwise healthy often recover quickly when given prompt and proper care. However, pneumonia is a serious infection that affects thousands of older people each year.
Pneumothorax: A collection of air or gas in the space surrounding the lungs.
Positron Emission Tomography (PET): Also known as cardiac viability study. An imaging procedure that uses radioactive tracers to create three dimensional pictures of the tissues inside of the body and can monitor metabolic processes.
POTS - Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome (neurocardiogenic syncope, dysautonomia): Dysfunction of the autonomic nervous syndrome. Causes symptoms of fatigue, dizziness, increased heart rate, and other symptoms. See syncope.
Pre-transplant Evaluation: A series of interviews and tests for patients who are being considered for a transplant. It is the second step in the transplant evaluation process. After this evaluation, the transplant team decides if a transplant is a suitable treatment.
Pre-transplant Screening: A series of interviews and physical examinations for patients who are being considered for a transplant. Pre-transplant screening is the first step in the transplant process to discover if a patient has any condition that would immediately rule him or her out for a transplant.
Premature Ventricular Contractions (PVCs): An irregular heartbeat in which the lower chambers of the heart (the ventricles) beat before they are supposed to.
Prevention - Primary: Identifying and altering risk factors to prevent the onset of cardiovascular disease (CVD) leading to heart attack or stroke. (www.heart.org/HEARTORG)
Prevention - Secondary: Identifying, treating and rehabilitating patients who has established heart disease (post bypass surgery, heart attack or stroke) or those at very high risk to prevent another cardiovascular or cerebrovascular event. (www.heart.org/HEARTORG)
Primary Pulmonary Hypertension: The pulmonary arteries are the arteries that direct the blood flow from the heart to the lungs. Some patients have high blood pressure in the pulmonary arteries and this is known as pulmonary hypertension.
Prokinetics: Medications that help strengthen the LES and make the stomach empty faster. Prokinetics may be used to treat gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and include bethanechol (Urecholine) and metoclopramide (Reglan).
Prolapse: A condition in which an organ or other part of the body is not in its correct position.
Prophylaxis: The prevention of disease.
Protein: A group of organic compounds composed of amino acids and rich in nitrogen, required for the growth and repair of tissue and the formation of hormones and enzymes.
Proton Pump Inhibitors (PPIs): Medications that control or eliminate acid by blocking the enzyme in the stomach that produces acid. Proton pump inhibitors may be used to treat gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and include omeprazole (Prilosec), lansoprazole (Prevacid), pantoprazole (Protonix), rabeprazole (Aciphex), and esomeprazole (Nexium).
Proxy: A person appointed to make decisions for someone else, as in a Durable Power of Attorney for Health Care (also called a surrogate or agent).
Pulmonary Artery: The vessel through which the blood exits the right ventricle on its way to the lungs, where it receives oxygen.
Pulmonary Edema: An abnormal swelling of tissue in the lungs due to fluid build-up.
Pulmonary Embolism (PE): A clot in the lungs, most often caused by a deep vein thrombosis (clot in a vein in the legs) that has broken free and traveled to the lungs. Risk of PE decreases after blood-thinners are given.
Pulmonary Function Test (PFT): A test used to reveal lung capacity and function, and to determine the blood's capacity to transport oxygen.
Pulmonary Hypertension: A rare lung disorder in which the arteries in the lungs have become narrowed, making it difficult for blood to flow through the vessels. Pulmonary Hypertension is high blood pressure of the pulmonary arteries.
Pulmonary Rehabilitation: A program that can help a patient learn how to breathe easier and improve quality of life. It includes treatment, exercise training, education and counseling.
Pulmonic Valve: (also called pulmonary valve) The valve that lies between the right ventricle and the pulmonary artery (to the lungs).
Pulmonologist: A staff physician with extensive training in lung disease who specializes in caring for people with lung diseases and breathing problems.
Pulse Rate: The number of heartbeats per minute. The resting pulse rate for an average adult is between 60 and 80 beats per minute.
Pulse Volume Recording (PVR): A procedure that tests the arterial blood flow to the hands or feet. Often blood flow is checked after exercise.
Q-wave MI: A MI or heart attack that is caused by a prolonged period of blocked blood supply. An area of the heart muscle is affected, causing changes on the ECG as well as chemical markers in the blood.
Radial Artery: The radial artery is the blood vessel that carries oxygen-rich blood in the forearm. You can feel the pulse of the radial artery by feeling the forearm just underneath the thumb. There are three arteries in the normal forearm that carry blood to the hand.
Radioactive Tracer: A low-dose radioactive dye or contrast medium injected into a blood vessel as part of an imaging procedure.
Radiofrequency: An invasive procedure that involves heating tissue in order to destroy it.; used to treat some types of rapid heart rhythms.
Radionuclide Study (MUGA): A nuclear scan that evaluates the pumping function of the ventricles. chambers and how your heart contracts. During this test, a small amount of radioactive isotope is injected in your bloodstream through an IV line and a scanner records its movement through the heart's ventricles.
Raynaud’s Phenomenon: Spasms of the small arteries of the fingers, and sometimes, the toes, brought on by exposure to cold or excitement.
Recipient: A patient who receives an organ, tissue or blood from another person.
Red Blood Cell (erythrocyte, red cell, red corpuscle): Red blood cell that delivers oxygen to tissues and removes carbon dioxide and other waste products.
Regurgitation: Leaking or backward flow; the uncontrolled flow of stomach contents back into the esophagus and mouth.
Rejection: Transplant rejection may occur when immune cells recognize the transplanted organ as different from the rest of the body. The process involves the body trying to get rid of this transplanted organ or tissue by producing antibodies. This is the body’s way of not accepting the new organ. Fortunately, rejection can be treated, especially if the signs of rejection are recognized early. Immunosuppressive drugs help to prevent rejection.
Renal Artery Disease: Most commonly caused by atherosclerosis of the renal arteries (see above). It occurs in people with generalized vascular disease.
Renal Artery Stenosis: Narrowing or blockage of an artery to the kidney which may lead to high blood pressure or kidney damage.
Renal Artery Ultrasound: A non-invasive imaging procedure that uses high-frequency sound waves to view the arteries supplying the kidneys to determine the presence of narrowing.
Renin: An enzyme produced by the kidney. Renin is released into the bloodstream by the kidneys in order to regulate blood pressure
Reoperation: A repeat surgery, or duplication of a previous procedure. The repeat surgery may involve surgery at the same site, at another site for the same condition, or to repair a feature from a previous surgery.
Required Request: Hospitals must tell the families of suitable donors that their loved one's organs and tissues can be used for transplant. This law is expected to increase the number of donated organs and tissues used for transplantation.
Resident Physician: A doctor who works closely with the primary physician to manage a patient's daily care. The resident is a licensed medical school graduate doing further training in one of the specialties of medicine.
Rest Pain: Near constant pain in the hand or foot because of decreased artery blood flow.
Restenosis: The closing or narrowing of an artery that was previously opened by a cardiac procedure such as angioplasty.
Retransplantation: Due to organ rejection or transplant failure, some patients return to the waiting list. Reducing the number of retransplants is a critical concern when examining ways to maximize a limited supply of organs.
Rheumatic Fever: Rheumatic fever is an inflammatory reaction of the heart, usually involving the valves as a consequence of streptococcal infection.
Rheumatic Heart Disease: Rheumatic Fever can lead to a condition known as rheumatic heart disease. This is usually a thickening and stenosis of one or more of the heart valves and often requires surgery, to repair or replace the involved valve (s).
Rheumatic Valve Disease: Rheumatic Valve Disease is a consequence of rheumatic fever. Rheumatic valve disease is a thickening and stenosis of one or more of the heart valves and often requires surgery to repair or replace the affected valve(s).
Right Ventricular Biopsy: The removal of a small piece of heart tissue from your right ventricle. This tissue sample is studied under a microscope to help your doctor assess your heart muscle.
Risk Factor (for heart disease): Traits people have that are linked to the development and progression of coronary artery disease. Modifiable risk factors -- related to lifestyle and may be changed or controlled Non-modifiable risk factors--- related to aging and genetics; cannot be changed
Rotablation (PCRA - Percutaneous Transluminal Rotational Atherectomy): A special catheter, with an acorn-shaped diamond-coated tip, is guided to the point of narrowing in the coronary artery. The tip spins around at a high speed and grinds away the plaque on the artery walls. The microscopic particles are washed safely away in your blood stream and filtered out by the liver and spleen. This process is repeated as needed to allow better blood flow.
Rupture: Break
Saphenous Vein: Vein located in the leg(s) and used for coronary artery bypass surgery. It is surgically removed from the leg and sewn from the aorta to the coronary artery beyond the site of blockage.
Saturated Fat: A fat composed mostly of saturated fatty acids. Saturated fat is the most important dietary factor in raising cholesterol levels.
Secondary Pulmonary Hypertension: Pulmonary hypertension is high blood pressure of the pulmonary arteries. Secondary hypertension is a disease process which reduces the blood supply to the lungs such as a blood clot (pulmonary emboli).
Sensitization: Potential recipients are "sensitized" if there are antibodies in their blood, usually because of pregnancy, blood transfusions or previous rejection of an organ transplant. Sensitization is measured by PRA. Highly sensitized patients are more likely to reject an organ transplant than unsensitized patients.
Sepsis: A serious infection in the bloodstream
Septal Defect: A hole or "defect" is in the heart muscle forming a wall between the left and right side of the heart. Can be an atrial septal defect (ASD) or ventricular septal defect (VSD).
Septum: The muscular wall separating the right and left sides of the heart.
Sestamibi Exercise Stress Test (sestamibi stress test, stress perfusion scan, stress Sestamibi): A diagnostic study, which uses a small amount of radioactive tracer, injected into the body, and a special camera, which detects the radiation, released by the substance to produce a computer image of the heart. Combined with exercise, the study can help determine if there is adequate blood flow to the heart at rest, as compared with activity.
Side Effect: An unintended effect of a drug on tissues or organs other than the drug benefits.
Silent Ischemia: Inadequate supply of oxygen-rich blood to the heart that does not cause symptoms such as chest pain.
Sinoatrial Node (SA or sinus node): A specialized cluster of cells in the heart that initiates the heart beat. Known as the heart's natural pacemaker.
Sleep Apnea: A sleep disorder in which a person's breathing stops in intervals that may last from 10 seconds to a minute or longer. When an apneic event occurs, air exchange may be impaired.
Sodium: A mineral found in most of the foods we eat. The largest source of dietary sodium comes from sodium chloride or table salt. Intake of sodium tends to increase the retention of water.
Sphygmomanometer: Blood pressure is measured in millimeters of mercury (mm Hg), which refers to how high the pressure in the arteries can raise a column of mercury in a sphygmomanometer, a device for measuring blood pressure.
Spirometry Test: A breathing test that provides information about lung function and the extent of a patient’s lung disease.
Status: Indicated degree of medical urgency for patients awaiting transplants.
Stenosis: Narrowing or restriction of a blood vessel or valve that reduces blood flow.
Stent: A small wire mesh tube, inserted after angioplasty that acts as a scaffold to provide support inside the artery.
Sternotomy: A type of surgical procedure in which an incision is made along the sternum, after which the sternum itself is divided, or "cracked". This procedure provides access to the heart and lungs for surgical procedures.
Sternum (breastbone): Bone in chest separated during open heart surgery.
Stress Test: See exercise stress test
Stroke: Also called cerebral vascular accident or CVA. Impaired artery blood flow to the brain. During a stroke, brain cells in the affected area are starved for oxygen and subsequently die.
Stunned Myocardium: If blood flow is returned to an area of heart muscle after a period of ischemia (lack of blood supply), the heart muscle may not pump normally for a period of days following the event. This is called "stunned" heart muscle or myocardium.
Subvalvular Aortic Stenosis: Subvalvular aortic stenosis is a narrowing of the flow of blood below the aortic valve in the left ventricle. It is usually caused by a membrane or thickening in the muscle in this area.
Sudden Cardiac Death: A sudden, unexpected death caused by loss of heart function. Most sudden cardiac deaths are caused by arrhythmias, such as ventricular fibrillation.
Superficial Thrombophlebitis: A clot in a superficial vein, just under the skin.
Survival Rates: Survival rates indicate the percentage of patients or grafts (transplanted organs) that are still alive functioning at a certain point posttransplant. Survival rates are often given at one-, three-, and five-year increments. Policy modifications are never made without examining their impact on transplant survival rates. Survival rates improve with technological and scientific advancements. Developing policies that reflect and respond to these advances in transplantation will also improve survival rates.
Syncope: Fainting or dizziness.
Syndrome X: A cluster of risk factors that together, put someone at higher risk of coronary artery disease. These risk factors include: central obesity (excessive fat tissue in the abdominal region), glucose intolerance, high triglycerides and low HDL cholesterol, and high blood pressure.
Systemic Circulation: The circulation of blood from the left ventricle, through an extensive network of vessels that penetrate every part of the body, to the right side of the heart.
Systemic Lupus erythematosus - SLE (lupus): A chronic autoimmune disorder in which a person's natural antibodies, which normally fight infection, damage parts of the central nervous system, connective tissue, or internal organs such as the lungs or kidneys. Lupus can cause heart valve disorders.
Systole: The portion of the cardiac cycle in which the heart muscle contracts, forcing the blood into the main blood vessels.
Systolic: The top number in a blood pressure reading that indicates the force of the heart muscle's contractions as blood is pumped through the heart's chambers
Systolic Pressure: The pressure of the blood in the arteries when the heart pumps. It is the higher of two blood pressure measurements, e.g., 120/80, where 120 is the systolic pressure.
Tachycardia: Rapid heart beat. A heart rate above 100 beats per minute.
Terminal Condition: An irreversible, incurable, and untreatable condition from which there can be no recovery, and death is likely to occur soon. Nursing and medical efforts are administered to provide comfort.
Thallium Exercise Stress Test (stress thallium test, perfusion scan): A type of nuclear scanning technique that uses the radioactive substance thallium. A thallium stress test combines nuclear scanning with exercise on a treadmill or stationary bicycle to assess heart function and determine if there is adequate flood flow to the myocardium.
Thoracentesis: Procedure used to drain fluid from the chest, such as a pleural effusion.
Thoracic Aortic Aneurysm: Aortic aneurysms that occur in the chest area that may involve the aortic root, ascending aorta, aortic arch or descending aorta.
Thoracic Cavity: The area of the body located between the neck and diaphragm. The thoracic cavity includes the heart and lungs, esophagus, trachea, pleura (lining of the thoracic cavity) mediastinum (space behind the sternum and in between the lungs) chest wall diaphragm (thin muscle below the lungs and heart that separates the chest from the abdomen)
Thoracic Outlet Syndrome: A group of distinct disorders that affect the nerves in the brachial plexus (nerves that pass into the arms from the neck) and various nerves and blood vessels between the base of the neck and axilla (armpit).
Thoracic Outlet Testing: A procedure that tests blood flow to the arms and hands in various positions. Used to rule out thoracic outlet syndrome.
Thoracic Surgeon: A surgeon who specializes in treating problems that affect all organs in the chest (thoracic) cavity, such as cancers and diseases of the lung, esophagus, and chest wall; abnormalities of the great vessels; birth defects of the chest; and tumors in the organs contained in the chest cavity. The highly-specialized team of thoracic surgeons at Cleveland Clinic has among the largest experience in the country in diagnosing and surgically treating diseases of the lung and esophagus. Thoracic surgeons work closely with specialists from other areas, including pulmonologists, gastroenterologists, thoracic anesthesiologists and medical and radiation oncologists, to provide a collaborative approach to your diagnosis and treatment.
Thoracic Surgery: A surgical field focusing on treatments for lung cancer, tumors of the chest wall, emphysema, esophageal swallowing problems, lung transplantation, esophageal cancer and gastroesophageal reflux.
Thoracoscopy/Thorascopy: Video imaging of the chest cavity and lung performed through a 5mm-10mm (1/4 inch) camera. Thorascopy is an essential component of minimally invasive chest surgery (Video-Assisted Thoracic Surgery-VATS).
Thoracostomy, chest tube: A procedure performed to drain fluid, blood or air from the space around the lungs (pleural space).
Thoracotomy Surgery: A type of surgery in which an incision is made on the side of the chest between the ribs. The ribs are then spread apart so the surgeon can see inside the chest cavity.
Thorascope: Small video-scope used during video-assisted thoracic surgery to project images on a video screen for the surgeon to view during the procedure.
Thorax: Area of the body located between the neck and abdomen. The thorax contains the heart, lungs, esophagus and great vessels surrounded by the breastbone or sternum in front, the ribs on each side, and the spine in the back.
Thrombocyte: Also called a platelet. Component of blood that aids in clotting.
Thrombolytic Medication (clot-buster drug): Medication used during a heart attack to dissolve any clots in the coronary arteries that may be blocking blood flow.
Thrombus: A blood clot.
Thrush: A yeast infection for which transplant patients are at risk. It can occur in the mouth or vagina.
Thymoma: Disease in which cancerous (malignant) cells are found in the tissues of the thymus.
Thymus: Small organ located in the upper/front portion of the chest, extending from the base of the throat to the front of the heart. The cells of the thymus form a part of the body's normal immune system. Early in life, the thymus plays an important role in the development of the immune system.
Tissue Plasminogen Activator (t-PA): A clot dissolving agent that is injected directly into a clogged artery to break up a blood clot. If used within 3 hours after the start of a stroke, brain damage may be avoided.
Tissue Typing: A test that evaluates the compatibility or closeness of tissue between the organ donor and recipient.
Total Cholesterol: The total amount of cholesterol in the blood.
Total Lung Capacity Test: A test that measures the amount of air in the lungs after a person has breathed in as much as possible.
TPN - Total Parenteral Nutrition: A special intravenous (IV) solution providing hydration, vitamins, minerals and calories to sustain life. This IV is usually inserted into a large vein in the neck area.
Trachea: Also called the “windpipe.” The main airway (windpipe) supplying air to both lungs.
Tracheal Stricture: A narrowing in the trachea that restricts air flow to the lungs.
Tracheostomy: Small opening or incision made in the throat. Through the tracheostomy, a tube is placed to aid breathing for patients who may need to be supported longer than expected with mechanical ventilation. Instead of breathing through the nose and mouth, the patient then breathes through the tracheostomy or “trach.”
Trans-Myocardial Revascularization (TMR): In patients with severe ischemic heart disease who are not candidates for bypass surgery, it is possible to do a procedure called trans-myocardial laser revascularization. In this procedure, an incision is made in the chest. The heart is exposed and small holes are drilled through the wall of the heart, with a laser allowing blood to flow from the inner chamber of the heart into the muscle of the heart. This procedure is still considered experimental and can be used only in a small number of patients.
Transesophageal Echocardiogram (TEE): An invasive imaging procedure that creates a picture of the heart's movement, valves and chambers using high frequency sound waves that come from a small transducer passed down your throat. TEE provides clear images of the heart's movement because the transducer is close to the heart and limits interference from air in the lungs. Echo is often combined with Doppler ultrasound and color Doppler to evaluate blood flow across the heart's valves.
Transient Ischemic Attack (TIA, also called a mini-stroke): A sudden onset of temporary symptoms (loss of sensation, movement, speech, mental function or vision) lasting minutes, or hours, that occurs when the brain is deprived of oxygen-rich blood but, the effects wear off completely after resumption of blood-flow. It can be a warning sign for stroke. May be caused by carotid artery narrowing or blockage.
Transplant Coordinator: A registered nurse who coordinates all of the events leading up to and following your transplant. The transplant coordinator helps arrange your pre-transplant tests and helps find a suitable donor.
Transplant Surgeon: The staff physician who performs the transplant surgery. The transplant surgeon follows your progress while you are in the hospital and monitors your post-transplant care after you are discharged.
Transtelephonic Monitor: A small monitor is attached to electrode leads (usually on your finger or wrist. Your heart's rhythm is transmitted over the phone line with the aid of this device to your doctor's office.
Tricuspid Valve: The tricuspid valve is the valve that separates the right atrium from the right ventricle and prevents blood from flowing back into the right atrium during contraction of the ventricle.
Triglyceride: A fat found in the blood. Most fat found in the diet and body fat is in the form of triglycerides.
Tube Feeding (enteral feeding): A temporary artificial method of providing food through a tube inserted into the stomach. This food is in a liquid form and contains calories, vitamins and electrolytes. Enteral feeding may be necessary when food cannot be taken by mouth.
U.S. Scientific Registry of Transplant Recipients: A database of post-transplant information. Follow-up data on every transplant are used to track transplant center performance, transplant success rates and medical issues impacting transplant recipients. UNOS facilitates the collection, tracking and reporting of transplant recipient and donor data.
Ulceration: Break in the skin, usually on lower legs or fingers, related to poor circulation and blood pooling.
UNOS: United Network for Organ Sharing – the national nonprofit agency that establishes and enforces regulations to ensure equality in organ transplantation and fairness in distribution of donor organs.
Unstable Angina: This type of angina is considered an acute coronary syndrome. It may be a new symptom or a change from stable angina. It may come more often, occur at rest, or feel more severe. Although this angina can be relieved with oral medications, it is unstable and may progress to a heart attack. Usually medical treatment or a procedure is required in the near future.
Upper GI (Gastrointestinal) Series: A series of x-rays used to evaluate the upper gastrointestinal system (the esophagus, stomach and part of the small intestine) to detect abnormalities.
Valve: There are four valves in the heart: the tricuspid and the mitral valve, which lie between the atria and ventricles and the pulmonic and aortic valves which lie between the ventricles and the blood vessels leaving the heart. The heart valves help to maintain one-way blood flow through the heart.
Valvotomy: Balloon valvotomy is when a balloon is used to at the time of cardiac catheterization to increase the area of a narrowed valve.
Valvuloplasty: A procedure to improve valve function.
Variant Angina: A type of angina that occurs at rest. Most often due to coronary spasm.
Vasodilator: A type of medication that relaxes and dilates the blood vessels, allowing increased blood flow.
Vasospastic Disorders: Conditions caused by spasm of blood vessels, causing them to clamp down (constrict) or open up (dilate). Examples include Raynaud's Disease, Erythromelalgia, Hypothenar Hammer Syndrome.
Veins: Blood vessels that carry blood from the arms, legs, head and body organs back to the heart.
Vena Cava: The two large veins that collect blood returning from all parts of the body and return it to the heart (right atrium) The inferior vena cava brings blood from the lower half of the body; and the superior vena cava brings blood from the upper half.
Venous Duplex Ultrasound: A non-invasive imaging procedure that uses high-frequency sound waves to determine the presence of clots in the arms or legs.
Venous Thrombosis: A blockage in a vein caused by a thrombus.
Ventilator: A machine used to assist or control breathing (may be called a respirator).
Ventricles: The lower, pumping chambers of the heart. The heart has two ventricles - the right and left ventricle.
Ventricular Fibrillation: An erratic, disorganized firing of impulses from the ventricles. The ventricles quiver and are unable to contract or pump blood to the body. This is a medical emergency that must be treated with cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and defibrillation as soon as possible.
Ventricular Rupture: In patients who suffer a significant heart attack, it is sometimes the case that the area of the muscle wall of the heart that is affected can become so weakened that it ruptures and leaks blood from the inner chamber of the heart.
Ventricular Septal Defect: The right and left ventricles lie next to each other in the heart. The septum is the membranous wall that separates them. A ventricular septal defect is a hole in the septum.
Ventricular Tachycardia: A rapid life-threatening rhythm originating from the lower chambers of the heart. The rapid rate prevents the heart from filling adequately with blood, and less blood is able to pump through the body.
Video-assisted Lobectomy Surgery (VATS lobectomy): A minimally invasive surgical technique that is less invasive than traditional thoracotomy surgery. During VATS lobectomy surgery, three 1-inch incisions and one 3- to 4-inch incision are made to provide access to the chest cavity without spreading of the ribs. With VATS lobectomy, the patient may experience a more rapid recovery with less pain and a shorter hospital stay (usually 3 days) than traditional thoracotomy surgery.
Video-assisted Thoracic Surgery (VATS): Surgery of the chest that is performed with a thoracoscope (small video-scope) using small incisions and special instruments to minimize trauma. During thoracoscopic surgery, three small (approximately 1-inch) incisions are used as compared with one long 6- to 8-inch incision that is used during traditional, “open” thoracic surgery. As compared with traditional surgery, patients who undergo minimally invasive surgery experience decreased postoperative pain, shorter hospital stay and a more rapid recovery and return to work. Other possible benefits include reduced risk of infection and less bleeding.
Vitamin: One of the organic compounds needed by the body for good health, proper metabolic functioning and disease prevention.
Waiting List: After evaluation by the transplant physician, and after committee presentation, a patient is added to the national waiting list by the transplant center. Lists are specific to both geographic area and organ type: heart, lung, kidney, pancreas, intestine, heart-lung, kidney-pancreas. Each time a donor organ becomes available, the computer generates a list of potential recipients based on factors that include blood type, organ size, medical urgency and time on the waiting list. A "new" United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS) waiting list is generated each time an organ becomes available. There are many factors that go into the actual decision of donor selection and recipient matching. Although your place on the list and the amount of time you have been waiting for transplant are important factors, the transplant surgeon ultimately is the one to make the final decision.
Wedge Resection: Surgical removal of a wedge-shaped portion of tissue from one, or both, lungs. A wedge resection is typically performed for the diagnosis or treatment of small lung nodules.
Wolff Parkinson White Syndrome (WPW): WPW is a form of supraventricular tachycardia (fast heart rate originating above the ventricles). When you have WPW, along with your normal conduction pathway, you have extra pathways called accessory pathways. These electrical impulses set up a short circuit causing the heart to beat rapidly and conduct impulses in both directions. The impulses travel through the extra pathway (short cut) as well as the normal AV-HIS Purkinje system. The impulses can travel around the heart very quickly, in a circular pattern, causing the heart to beat unusually fast. This is called re-entry tachycardia.
Abdomen: The area of the body between the bottom of the ribs and the top of the thighs .
Abdominal aorta: The portion of the aorta in the abdomen.
ACE (angiotensin-converting enzyme) inhibitor: A medicine that lowers blood pressure by interfering with the breakdown of a protein-like substance involved in blood pressure regulation.
Acetylcholine: A type of chemical (called a neurotransmitter) that transmits messages among nerve cells and muscle cells.
Acquired heart disease: Heart disease that arises after birth, usually from infection or through the build-up of fatty deposits in the arteries that feed the heart muscle.
Amiodarone: A kind of medicine (called an antiarrhythmic) used to treat irregular heart rhythms such as atrial fibrillation and ventricular tachycardia. It works by regulating nerve impulses in your heart. Amiodarone is mainly given to patients who have not responded to other antiarrhythmic medicines.
Angina or angina pectoris: Chest pain that occurs when diseased blood vessels restrict blood flow to the heart.
Angiography: An x-ray technique in which dye is injected into the chambers of your heart or the arteries that lead to your heart (the coronary arteries). The test lets doctors measure the blood flow and blood pressure in the heart chambers and see if the coronary arteries are blocked.
Angiotensin II receptor blocker: A medicine that lowers blood pressure by blocking the action of angiotensin II, a chemical in the body that causes the blood vessels to tighten (constrict).
Antiarrhythmics: Medicines used to treat patients who have irregular heart rhythms.
Anticoagulant: Any medicine that keeps blood from clotting; a blood thinner.
Antihypertensive: Any medicine or other therapy that lowers blood pressure.
Antiplatelet therapy: Medicines that stop blood cells (called platelets) from sticking together and forming a blood clot.
Aphasia: The inability to speak, write, or understand spoken or written language because of brain injury or disease.
Arrhythmia (or dysrhythmia): An abnormal heartbeat.
Arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia (ARVD): ARVD is a type of cardiomyopathy with no known cause. It appears to be a genetic condition (passed down through a family’s genes). ARVD causes ventricular arrhythmias.
Arteriography: A test that is combined with cardiac catheterization to visualize an artery or the arterial system after injection of a contrast dye.
Arterioles: Small, muscular branches of arteries. When they contract, they raise resistance to blood flow, and blood pressure in the arteries increases.
Artery: A vessel that carries oxygen-rich blood to the body.
Arteritis: Inflammation of the arteries.
Arteriosclerosis: A disease process, commonly called “hardening of the arteries”, which includes a variety of conditions that cause artery walls to thicken and lose elasticity.
Artificial heart: A manmade heart. Also called a total artificial heart (TAH).
Ascending aorta: The first portion of the aorta, emerging from the heart’s left ventricle.
Aspirin: Acetylsalicylic acid; a medicine used to relieve pain, reduce inflammation, and prevent blood clots.
Atherectomy: A nonsurgical technique for treating diseased arteries with a rotating device that cuts or shaves away material that is blocking or narrowing an artery.
Atrium (right and left): The two upper or holding chambers of the heart (together referred to as atria).
Atrial septal defect: See septal defect.
Atrial tachycardia: A type of arrhythmia that begins in the heart’s upper chambers (the atria) and causes a very fast heart rate of 160 to 200 beats a minute. A resting heart rate is normally 60 to 100 beats a minute.
Atrioventricular block: An interruption or disturbance of the electrical signal between the heart’s upper two chambers (the atria) and lower two chambers (the ventricles).
Autologous: Relating to self. For example, autologous stem cells are those taken from the patient’s own body.
Autoregulation: When blood flow to an organ stays the same although pressure in the artery that delivers blood to that organ may have changed.
Bacteria: Germs that can lead to disease.
Balloon catheter: A long tube-like device with a small balloon on the end that can be threaded through an artery. Used in angioplasty or valvuloplasty.
Balloon valvuloplasty: A procedure to repair a heart valve. A balloon-tipped catheter is threaded through an artery and into the heart. The balloon is inflated to open and separate any narrowed or stiffened flaps (called leaflets) of a valve.
Beta-blocker: An antihypertensive medicine that limits the activity of epinephrine, a hormone that increases blood pressure.
Blalock-Taussig procedure: A shunt between the subclavian and pulmonary arteries used to increase the supply of oxygen-rich blood in “blue babies” (see below).
Blood clot: A jelly-like mass of blood tissue formed by clotting factors in the blood. Clots stop the flow of blood from an injury. Clots can also form inside an artery when the artery’s walls are damaged by atherosclerotic buildup, possibly causing a heart attack or stroke.
Blue babies: Babies who have a blue tinge to their skin (cyanosis) resulting from insufficient oxygen in the arterial blood. This condition often indicates a heart defect.
Body mass index (BMI): A number that indicates an increased risk of cardiovascular disease from a person being overweight. BMI is calculated using a formula of weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared (BMI =W [kg]/H [m 2 ]). Click here for a BMI calculator.
Bridge to transplant: Use of mechanical circulatory support to keep heart failure patients alive until a donor heart becomes available.
Calcium channel blocker (or calcium blocker): A medicine that lowers blood pressure by regulating calcium-related electrical activity in the heart.
Cardiac: Pertaining to the heart.
Cardiac amyloidosis: A disorder caused by deposits of an abnormal protein (amyloid) in the heart tissue, which make it hard for the heart to work properly. Also called “stiff heart syndrome.”
Cardiac cachexia: A term for the muscle and weight loss caused by severe heart disease. It is often related to the depressed cardiac output associated with end-stage heart failure, but it can also occur with severe coronary artery disease.
Cardiac enzymes: Complex substances capable of speeding up certain biochemical processes in the heart muscle. Abnormal levels of these enzymes signal heart attack.
Cardiology: The study of the heart and its function in health and disease.
Cardiomegaly: An enlarged heart. It is usually a sign of an underlying problem, such as high blood pressure, heart valve problems, or cardiomyopathy.
Cardiopulmonary bypass: The process by which a machine is used to do the work of the heart and lungs so the heart can be stopped during surgery.
Cardiovascular (CV): Pertaining to the heart and blood vessels that make up the circulatory system.
Cardiovascular Disease (CVD): A general term referring to conditions affecting the heart (cardio) and blood vessels (vascular system). May also simply be called heart disease. Examples include coronary artery disease, valve disease, arrhythmia, peripheral vascular disease, congenital heart defects, hypertension, and cardiomyopathy. Refer to specific conditions for detailed explanations.
Cerebral hemorrhage: Bleeding within the brain resulting from a ruptured blood vessel, aneurysm, or head injury.
Cerebral thrombosis: Formation of a blood clot in an artery that supplies part of the brain.
Cerebrovascular: Pertaining to the blood vessels of the brain.
Cerebrovascular accident: Also called cerebral vascular accident, apoplexy, or stroke. Blood supply to some part of the brain is slowed or stopped, resulting in injury to brain tissue.
Cerebrovascular occlusion: The blocking or closing of a blood vessel in the brain.
Cineangiography: The technique of using moving pictures to show how a special dye passes through blood vessels, allowing doctors to diagnose diseases of the heart and blood vessels.
Circulatory system: Pertaining to circulation of blood through the heart and blood vessels.
Claudication: A tiredness or pain in the arms and legs caused by an inadequate supply of oxygen to the muscles, usually due to narrowed arteries or peripheral arterial disease (PAD).
Collateral circulation: Blood flow through small, nearby vessels in response to blockage of a main blood vessel.
Computed tomography (CT or CAT scan): An x-ray technique that uses a computer to create cross-sectional images of the body.
Conduction system: Special muscle fibers that conduct electrical impulses throughout the heart muscle.
Congenital: Refers to conditions existing at birth.
Congestive heart failure: A condition in which the heart cannot pump all the blood returning to it, leading to a backup of blood in the vessels and an accumulation of fluid in the body’s tissues, including the lungs.
Coronary artery anomaly (CAA): A congenital defect in one or more of the coronary arteries of the heart.
Coronary artery bypass (CAB): Surgical rerouting of blood around a diseased vessel that supplies blood to the heart. Done by grafting either a piece of vein from the leg or a piece of the artery from under the breastbone.
Coronary artery disease (CAD): A narrowing of the arteries that supply blood to the heart. The condition results from a buildup of plaque and greatly increases the risk of a heart attack.
Coronary heart disease: Disease of the heart caused by a buildup of atherosclerotic plaque in the coronary arteries that can lead to angina pectoris or heart attack.
Coronary occlusion: An obstruction of one of the coronary arteries that hinders blood flow to the heart muscle.
Coronary thrombosis: Formation of a clot in one of the arteries carrying blood to the heart muscle. Also called coronary occlusion.
Cryoablation: The removal of tissue using an instrument called a cold probe.
Cyanotic heart disease: A birth defect of the heart that causes oxygen-poor (blue) blood to circulate to the body without first passing through the lungs.
Death rate (age-adjusted): A death rate that has been standardized for age so different populations can be compared or the same population can be compared over time.
Deep vein thrombosis: A blood clot in a deep vein in the calf (DVT).
Diabetes (diabetes mellitus): A disease in which the body doesn’t produce or properly use insulin. Insulin is needed to convert sugar and starch into the energy used in daily life.
Diastolic blood pressure: The lowest blood pressure measured in the arteries. It occurs when the heart muscle is relaxed between beats.
Digitalis: A medicine made from the leaves of the foxglove plant. Digitalis is used to treat congestive heart failure (CHF) and heart rhythm problems (arrhythmias).
Dissecting aneurysm: A condition in which the layers of an artery separate or are torn, causing blood to flow between the layers. Dissecting aneurysms usually happen in the aorta, the large vessel that carries blood from the heart to other parts of the body and can cause sudden death.
Doppler ultrasound: A technology that uses sound waves to assess blood flow within the heart and blood vessels and to identify leaking valves.
Dysarthria: A speech disorder resulting from muscular problems caused by damage to the brain or nervous system.
Echocardiography: A method of studying the heart’s structure and function by analyzing sound waves bounced off the heart and recorded by an electronic sensor placed on the chest. A computer processes the information to produce a one-, two- or three-dimensional moving picture that shows how the heart and heart valves are functioning.
Ejection fraction: A measurement of the rate at which blood is pumped out of a filled ventricle. The normal rate is 50% or more.
Electrocardiogram (ECG or EKG): A test in which several electronic sensors are placed on the body to monitor electrical activity associated with the heartbeat.
Electroencephalogram (EEG): A test that can detect and record the brain’s electrical activity. The test is done by pasting metal disks, called electrodes, to the scalp.
Electrophysiological study (EPS): A test that uses cardiac catheterization to study patients who have arrhythmias (abnormal heartbeats). An electrical current stimulates the heart in an effort to provoke an arrhythmia, determine its origin, and test the effectiveness of medicines to treat the arrhythmias.
Endarterectomy: Surgical removal of plaque deposits or blood clots in an artery.
Endocarditis: A bacterial infection of the heart’s inner lining (endothelium).
Enlarged heart: A state in which the heart is larger than normal because of heredity, long-term heavy exercise, or diseases and disorders such as obesity, high blood pressure, and coronary artery disease.
Estrogen (or hormone) replacement therapy (ERT or HRT): Hormones that some women may take to offset the effects of menopause.
Familial hypercholesterolemia: A genetic predisposition to dangerously high cholesterol levels.
Fatty acids (fats): Substances that occur in several forms in foods; different fatty acids have different effects on lipid profiles.
First-degree heart block: Occurs when an electrical impulse from the heart’s upper chambers (the atria) is slowed as it moves through the atria and atrioventricular (AV) node.
Fusiform aneurysm: A tube-shaped aneurysm that causes the artery to bulge outward. Involves the entire circumference (outside wall) of the artery.
Gated blood pool scan: An x-ray analysis of how blood pools in the heart during rest and exercise. The test uses a radioactive substance to tag red blood cells to allow doctors to estimate the heart’s overall ability to pump and its ability to compensate for one or more blocked arteries. Also called MUGA (multiple gated acquisition scan) or nuclear ventriculography.
Genetic testing: Blood tests that study a person’s genes to find out if he or she is at risk for certain diseases that are passed down through family members.
Guidewire: A small, bendable wire that is threaded through an artery; it helps doctors position a catheter so they can perform angioplasty or stent procedures.
Heart assist device: A mechanical device that is surgically implanted to ease the workload of the heart.
Heart attack: Death of, or damage to, part of the heart muscle caused by a lack of oxygen-rich blood flowing to the heart.
Heart failure: See congestive heart failure.
Heart-lung machine: An apparatus that oxygenates and pumps blood to the body during open heart surgery; see cardiopulmonary bypass.
Hematocrit: A measure of the percentage of red blood cells in a given amount (or volume) of whole blood.
Hemochromatosis: A disease in which too much iron builds up in your body (iron overload). Too much iron in the heart can cause irregular heartbeats (arrhythmias) and heart failure. Too much iron in the pancreas can lead to diabetes.
Heredity: The genetic transmission of a particular quality or trait from parent to child.
Hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (HOCM): An overgrown heart muscle that creates a bulge into the ventricle and impedes blood flow.
Hypoglycemia: Low levels of glucose (sugar) in the blood.
Hypokinesia: Decreased muscle movement. In relation to the heart, hypokinesia refers to decreased heart wall motion during each heartbeat. It is associated with cardiomyopathy, heart failure, or heart attack. Also called hypokinesis.
Immunosuppressants: Any medicine that suppresses the body’s immune system. These medicines are used to minimize the chances that the body will reject a newly transplanted organ, such as a heart.
Impedance plethysmography: A noninvasive diagnostic test used to evaluate blood flow through the leg.
Incompetent valve: Also called insufficiency; a valve that is not working properly, causing it to leak blood back in the wrong direction.
Infarct: The area of heart tissue permanently damaged by an inadequate supply of oxygen.
Infective endocarditis: An infection of the heart valves and the innermost lining of the heart (the endocardium), caused by bacteria in the bloodstream.
Inferior vena cava: The large vein returning blood from the legs and abdomen to the heart.
Inotropes: Positive inotropes: Any medicine that increases the strength of the heart’s contraction. Negative inotropes: Any medicine that decreases the strength of the heart’s contraction and the blood pressure in the vessels.
Internal mammary artery: A durable artery in the chest wall often used as a bypass graft in coronary artery bypass surgery.
Intravascular echocardiography: A combination of echocardiography and cardiac catheterization. A miniature echo device on the tip of a catheter is used to generate images inside the heart and blood vessels.
Introducer sheath: A catheter-like tube that is placed inside a patient’s vessel during an interventional procedure to help the doctor with insertion and proper placement of the actual catheter.
Ischemic heart disease: Also called coronary artery disease and coronary heart disease, this term is applied to heart problems caused by narrowing of the coronary arteries, thereby causing a decreased blood supply to the heart.
Ischemic stroke: A type of stroke that is caused by blockage in a blood vessel.
Jugular veins: The veins that carry blood back from the head to the heart.
Lesion: An injury or wound. An atherosclerotic lesion is an injury to an artery due to hardening of the arteries.
Maze surgery: A type of heart surgery that is used to treat chronic atrial fibrillation by creating a surgical “maze” of new electrical pathways to let electrical impulses travel easily through the heart. Also called the Maze procedure.
Mitral valve prolapse: A condition that occurs when the leaflets of the mitral valve between the left atrium and left ventricle bulge into the atrium and permit backflow of blood. The condition can be associated with progressive mitral regurgitation.
Mitral valve regurgitation: Failure of the mitral valve to close properly, causing blood to flow back into the heart’s upper left chamber (the left atrium) instead of moving forward into the lower left chamber (the left ventricle).
Monounsaturated fats: A type of fat found in many foods but mainly in avocados and in canola, olive, and peanut oils. Monounsaturated fat tends to lower LDL cholesterol levels, and some studies suggest that it may do so without also lowering HDL cholesterol levels.
Mortality: The total number of deaths from a given disease in a population during an interval of time, usually a year.
Myocardial infarction: A heart attack. The damage or death of an area of the heart muscle (myocardium) resulting from a blocked blood supply to the area. The affected tissue dies, injuring the heart. Symptoms include prolonged, intensive chest pain and a decrease in blood pressure that often causes shock.
Myocardial ischemia: Occurs when a part of the heart muscle does not receive enough oxygen.
Myxomatous degeneration: A connective tissue disorder that causes the heart valve tissue to weaken and lose elasticity.
Necrosis: Refers to the death of tissue within a certain area.
Noninvasive procedures: Any diagnostic or treatment procedure in which no instrument enters the body.
NSTEMI: Non-ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction. The milder form of the 2 types of heart attack, an NSTEMI does not produce an ST-segment elevation on an electrocardiogram. See also STEMI.
Occluded artery: An artery in which the blood flow has been impaired by a blockage.
Pancreas: The organ behind the stomach that helps control blood sugar levels.
Pancreatitis: Swelling (inflammation) of the pancreas.
Paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT): An occasional rapid heart rate (150-250 beats per minute) that is caused by events triggered in areas above the heart’s lower chambers (the ventricles). See also supraventricular tachycardia (SVT).
Patent ductus arteriosus: A congenital defect in which the opening between the aorta and the pulmonary artery does not close after birth.
Patent foramen ovale: An opening between the left and right atria (the upper chambers) of the heart. Everyone has a PFO before birth, but in 1 out of every 3 or 4 people, the opening does not close naturally, as it should, after birth.
Percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI): Any of the noninvasive procedures usually performed in the cardiac catheterization laboratory. Angioplasty is an example of a percutaneous coronary intervention. Also called a transcatheter intervention.
Percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA): See angioplasty.
Pericardiocentesis: A diagnostic procedure that uses a needle to withdraw fluid from the sac or membrane surrounding the heart (pericardium).
Polyunsaturated fat: The major fat in most vegetable oils, including corn, safflower, sunflower, and soybean oils. These oils are liquid at room temperature. Polyunsaturated fat actually tends to lower LDL cholesterol levels but may reduce HDL cholesterol levels as well.
Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (POTS): A disorder that causes an increased heart rate when a person stands upright.
Premature ventricular contraction (PVC): An early or extra heartbeat that happens when the heart’s lower chambers (the ventricles) contract too soon, out of sequence with the normal heartbeat.
Prevalence: The total number of cases of a given disease that exist in a population at a specific time.
Pulmonary: Refers to the lungs and respiratory system.
Pulmonary embolism: A condition in which a blood clot that has formed elsewhere in the body travels to the lungs.
Pulmonary valve: The heart valve between the right ventricle and the pulmonary artery that controls blood flow from the heart into the lungs.
Pulmonary vein: The blood vessel that carries newly oxygenated blood from the lungs back to the left atrium of the heart.
Radial artery access: Using the radial artery in the wrist as the entry point for the catheter in an angioplasty or stent procedure. Also called transradial access, the transradial approach, or transradial angioplasty.
Radionuclide imaging: A test in which a harmless radioactive substance is injected into the bloodstream to show information about blood flow through the arteries. Damaged or dead heart muscle can often be identified, as can serious narrowing in an artery.
Radionuclide studies: Any of the diagnostic tests in which a small amount of radioactive material is injected into the bloodstream. The material makes it possible for a special camera to take pictures of the heart.
Radionuclide ventriculography: A diagnostic test used to determine the size and shape of the heart’s pumping chambers (the ventricles).
Renal: Pertains to the kidneys.
Revascularization: A procedure to restore blood flow to the tissues. Coronary artery bypass surgery is an example of a revascularization procedure.
Right ventricular assist device (RVAD): A mechanical device that can be placed outside the body or implanted inside the body. An RVAD does not replace the heart—it “assists” or “helps” it pump oxygen-poor blood from the right ventricle to the lungs.
Risk factor: An element or condition involving a certain hazard or danger. When referring to heart and blood vessels, a risk factor is associated with an increased chance of developing cardiovascular disease, including stroke.
Rubella: Commonly known as German measles.
Saccular aneurysm: A round aneurysm that bulges out from an artery; involves only part of the circumference (outside wall) of the artery.
Sarcoidosis: An inflammatory disease that starts as tiny, grain-like lumps called granulomas, which most often appear in your lungs or lymph nodes. The granulomas can clump together and form larger lumps that attack other organs. Sarcoidosis often affects your skin, eyes, or liver, but it can lead to heart problems, such as irregular heartbeats (arrhythmias) or restrictive cardiomyopathy.
Second-degree heart block: Impulses traveling through the heart’s upper chambers (the atria) are delayed in the area between the upper and lower chambers (the AV node) and fail to make the ventricles beat at the right moment.
Sheath: A catheter-like tube that is placed inside a patient’s vessel during an interventional procedure to help the doctor with insertion and proper placement of the actual catheter. Also called an introducer sheath.
Shock: A condition in which body function is impaired because the volume of fluid circulating through the body is insufficient to maintain normal metabolism. This may be caused by blood loss or by a disturbance in the function of the circulatory system.
Shunt: A connector that allows blood to flow between two locations.
Sick sinus syndrome: The failure of the sinus node to regulate the heart’s rhythm.
Sinus (SA) node: The “natural” pacemaker of the heart. The node is a group of specialized cells in the top of the right atrium which produces the electrical impulses that travel down to eventually reach the ventricular muscle, causing the heart to contract.
Stem cells: Special cells in the body that are able to transform into other cells. It is possible for stem cells to transform into heart cells, nerve cells, or other cells of the body, possibly helping to improve the function of failing organs, including the heart.
STEMI: ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction. The more severe form of the 2 types of heart attack. See also NSTEMI. A STEMI produces a characteristic elevation in the ST segment on an electrocardiogram.
Stethoscope: An instrument for listening to sounds within the body.
Stokes-Adams disease: Also called third-degree heart block; a condition that happens when the impulses that pace your heartbeat do not reach the lower chambers of your heart (the ventricles). To make up for this, the ventricles use their own “backup” pacemaker with its slower rate. This rhythm can cause severe dizziness or fainting and can lead to heart failure or death.
Streptococcal infection (“strep” infection): An infection, usually in the throat, resulting from the presence of streptococcus bacteria.
Streptokinase: A clot-dissolving medicine used to treat heart attack patients.
Sternum: The breastbone.
Stress: Bodily or mental tension resulting from physical, chemical, or emotional factors. Stress can refer to physical exertion as well as mental anxiety.
Subarachnoid hemorrhage: Bleeding from a blood vessel on the surface of the brain into the space between the brain and the skull.
Subclavian arteries: Two major arteries (right and left) that receive blood from the aortic arch and supply it to the arms.
Sudden death: Death that occurs unexpectedly and instantaneously or shortly after the onset of symptoms. The most common underlying reason for patients dying suddenly is cardiovascular disease, in particular coronary heart disease.
Superior vena cava: The large vein that returns blood from the head and arms to the heart.
Supraventricular tachycardia (SVT): A regular rapid heart rate (150-250 beats per minute) that is caused by events triggered in areas above the heart’s lower chambers (the ventricles); see also paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT).
Systolic blood pressure: The highest blood pressure measured in the arteries. It occurs when the heart contracts with each heartbeat.
Tachypnea: Rapid breathing.
Tamponade: Also called cardiac tamponade. A condition in which the heart is compressed or constricted because of a large amount of fluid or blood in the space between the heart muscle and the sac that surrounds the heart (the pericardium).
Thallium-201 stress test: An x-ray study that follows the path of radioactive potassium carried by the blood into heart muscle. Damaged or dead muscle can be defined, as can the extent of narrowing in an artery.
Third-degree heart block: A serious condition also called Stokes-Adams disease; impulses from the heart’s upper chambers (the atria) are completely blocked from reaching the heart’s lower chambers (the ventricles). To make up for this, the ventricles use their own “backup” pacemaker with its slower rate.
Thrombolysis: The breaking up of a blood clot.
Thrombosis: A blood clot that forms inside the blood vessel or cavity of the heart.
Thrombolytic therapy: Intravenous or intra-arterial medicines that are used to dissolve blood clots in an artery.
Thyroid: A gland located in the front of the neck, just below the voice box.
Tissue plasminogen activator (tPA): A clot-dissolving medicine that is used to treat heart attack and stroke patients.
Trans fat: Created when hydrogen is forced through an ordinary vegetable oil (hydrogenation), converting some polyunsaturates to monounsaturates, and some monounsaturates to saturates. Trans fat, like saturated fat, tends to raise LDL cholesterol levels, and, unlike saturated fat, trans fat also lowers HDL cholesterol levels.
Transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI): A minimally invasive procedure to repair a damaged or diseased aortic valve. A catheter is inserted into an artery in the groin and threaded to the heart. A balloon at the end of the catheter, with a replacement valve folded around it, delivers the new valve to take the place of the old. Also called TAVR (Transcatheter aortic valve replacement).
Transcatheter intervention: Any of the noninvasive procedures usually performed in the cardiac catheterization laboratory. Angioplasty is an example of a transcatheter intervention. Also called a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI).
Transesophageal echocardiography: A diagnostic test that analyzes sound waves bounced off the heart. The sound waves are sent through a tube-like device inserted in the mouth and passed down the esophagus (food pipe), which ends near the heart. This technique is useful in studying patients whose heart and vessels, for various reasons, are difficult to assess with standard echocardiography.
Transient ischemic attack (TIA): A stroke-like event that lasts only for a short time and is caused by a temporarily blocked blood vessel.
Transplantation: Replacing a failing organ with a healthy one from a donor.
Ultrasound: High-frequency sound vibrations, which cannot be heard by the human ear, used in medical diagnosis.
Valve replacement: An operation to replace a heart valve that is either blocking normal blood flow or causing blood to leak backward into the heart (regurgitation).
Varicose vein: Any vein that is abnormally dilated (widened).
Vascular: Pertains to the blood vessels.
Vasodilators: Any medicine that dilates (widens) the arteries.
Vasopressors: Any medicine that elevates blood pressure.
Vein: Any one of a series of blood vessels of the vascular system that carries blood from various parts of the body back to the heart, returning oxygen-poor blood to the heart.
Ventricle (right and left): One of the two lower chambers of the heart.
Ventricular Assist Device (VAD): A mechanical pump that helps the ventricles pump blood, easing the workload of the heart in patients with heart failure.
Vertigo: A feeling of dizziness or spinning.
Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome: A condition in which an extra electrical pathway connects the atria (two upper chambers) and the ventricles (two lower chambers). It may cause a rapid heartbeat.
X-ray: Form of radiation used to create a picture of internal body structures on film.
#36 - No visits to offices as Covid-19 but 3-4 phone consults because of related issues!
#4  My visit was blurred vision when I got up, but it cleared within an hour so when I went to the emergency dept I was concerned but I was not in a desperate state  I would have understood waiting for other to go first that needed to
#45 my delivery was too fast for anything other than gas.
(unreadable) for meat select (unreadable)  Food quality fair only.
1)  The care provided by nursing staff and by the general administration was excellent, as it has always been.  2)  On the other hand, I do not rate the doctors I have seen highly.  Not very helpful ; don't explain much about my problem, etc. I am referring to several visits over a number of years.  Other hospitals have been much better.
1) Covid 19 had just started and I was super impressed with the preventative measures that were taken during my visit  2) Super impressed with the follow up ultrasound test the following day
1.  Towards the end of my 4 1/2 week stay a group of nurses stood around my bed + shouted my name in a very loud voice to wake me from a deep deep apparently finding it to be very amusing - I did not.  2.  Another young nurse in a completely pink uniform was very rude + insolent  The rudeness really shocked me  Other than the two incidents, I was treated exceptionally well. XXXXXXXXXXXX
1.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX staff premise, care food, compassion is the absolute best.  Dr XXXXX, Dr XXXXXXX XXXXXXX XXXXXXX, XXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXXX RTC the best!!!  All of them, forget some names.  2.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX same excellent - XXXX, XXXXXXX everyone.  XXXX physio therapist the absolute best!!!
100% better than some other hospitals.
1st phlebotomy procedure for head chromatosis  XX
2 days after I had my baby my older child was in an accident.  I had to leave baby with dad while I went to XXXX with my son.  Dad called obstetrician with some questions and the staff were amazing. They were very sympathetic and informative  They put dads mind at ease  We are very grateful to have had our birth of our daughter at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
3 hr wait for receiving a dozen stitches on hand seemed excessive given only 4 other patients in emergency with non life threatening issues.  The doctor and nurses present spent a good portion of the time "dilly dallying" at nursing station talking casual personal business.
95% of nursing staff is excellent; 5% are in a hurry and do not listen to specific complaints from patients very well, or are just rude, like they cannot wait to get through the triage protocol so they can go home. All doctors are excellent.
A 4 hour wait to see a doctor when I had a red line going up my arm was unacceptable  However the next 7 days of daily IV antibiotics went very well
A couple of nurses are a little short.  And don't like to repeat there questions to you.  But
A great hospital!
A nurse by the name of XXXX was absolutely incredible. She went above and beyond
A nurse named XXXXXXX put a damper on my child birth experience.  She did not work very well with the other nurses.  XXXXXX was fantastic however.
A very excellent hospital and staff
A very nice hospital with good care
A wonderful experience - I would absolutely deliver another baby at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  Such a wonderful staff and environment.  Very happy!
About a week in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  Timing for water pills adjusted which gave more sleep like midnight to 8:00 AM
Absolutely amazing patient care at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Additional comments re. questions 5 + 32.  I saw triage nurse and had xrays within 30 - 45 min.  I wait afterwards 1 hr for physician which was excellent.  Overall care from all kinds of staff was excellent.
After 6 hours I was given a urine test for analysis even disclosing I had miscarried & experiencing extreme pain & fever 2 days later received emergency D&C.  No internal exam done at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX dr showed no compassion or care!  Worst experience
After a telephone appointment with my family physician early XXXXXX morning (XXXXXXXXXXXXXX), I was advised by her to proceed to the emergency department promptly for testing and further exploration of my symptoms. The symptoms that I was experiencing were in regards to a possible miscarriage that I was experiencing.  Unfortunately, due to persistent health issues, I have spent a significant amount of time in a hospital in XXXXXX.  Although my experiences have always been adequate, the physicians often lacked empathy, kindness and comforting bedside manner.  My husband and I recently moved to XXXXXXX (approx 6 months ago).  And, with this being my first pregnancy and with the current pandemic (my husband unable to accompany me), I was extremely anxious and emotional, especially to go to a hospital that was unfamiliar to me.  After seeing a triage nurse and being registered, I was escorted to a room in the emergency department.  A few moments later, Dr. XXXXXX entered the room and greeted me with a warm and comforting tone, spoke slowly and calmly towards me and was very patient as I anxiously asked questions.   Dr. XXXXXX explained that she would order blood work, perform a pelvic examination, and schedule an ultrasound.  When it came time for the pelvic examination, I explained that this would be extremely difficult due to a history of trauma.  I asked questions and Dr. XXXXXX patiently explained the reasons why she recommended the examination, but ultimately let me decide what I was comfortable with.  I felt zero pressure whatsoever and decided to proceed with her recommendation. Dr. XXXXXX offered to have a nurse hold my hand to provide comfort, which I gratefully accepted.  When it came time to begin, Dr. XXXXXX paused and said If you want me to stop at any moment, let me know.  Remember, you are in control.  I don't think Dr. XXXXXX understands how much those four simple words "You are in control" truly made me feel.  Sadly, after all of the testing was completed, Dr. XXXXXX confirmed our suspicions that I did indeed suffer a miscarriage.  It is so difficult to process a loss like this, but we are strong and I know as time passes, we will heal.  However, if there is one thing that I will not forget about that day, was Dr. XXXXXX's ability to make me feel so safe.  Dr. XXXXXX, thank you so much for your excellent care.  My husband and I appreciate your kindness more than you will never know.
After leaving the hospital, I was notified that a nurse caring for us had testing positive for COVID. After being notified by my doctor the hospital and public health were to follow up with more information and necessary steps - this took over 24 hours before I heard from anyone which was frustrating as we were very scared/anxious about this exposure. More prompt follow up with information should have been provided.
All excellent!  Only issue was I had a bad reaction to a Benadryl shot post surgery and was offered more Benadryl later on by a different nurse (which I declined!)  Everyone very kind + attentive + informative
All in all, my stay was pleasant.  I was in the hospital for 3 nights with an acute lumbar sprain & I was well medicated.
All meals were good and so was the varieties.
All my interactions with staff were positive every time we have been to XXX we have been happy with our experiences  All your staff are friendly helpful + professional
All of the Maternity nurses are absolutely wonderful people. There to answer question I didn't even ask, made all the worries and anxiousness disappear completely. XXXXX was specifically helpful. I had her the most while I was there and when is absolutely amazing.
All staff at the hospital very kind, helpful & went over & above
All staff caring for me were very nice and showed empathy.
All the emergency staff were very friendly and helpful.
All the nurses were amazing!! They helped with any concerns and were able to calm my worries. Loved this hospital!
All the right questions were asked in this survey.
All the staff (team) were excellent.  The care was beyond what I expected time of arrival to the time I left amazing many thanks
All was good
All was great.
Although my family and I do have access to closer emg dept we always chose XXXXXX because of the excellent care.  Should I ever win the lottery, you are the first on my list for donations!  Thank you!
Although the diagnosis was incorrect the treatment would have been the same and they were very kind and helpful as always.
Always a great experience small town feel  Never have to wait long
Always consistent fast, thorough and courteous
Always first class care!
Always great care & time taken to help me out when I go to XXXXXXX.
Am very pleased with my experiences at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Amazing care - courteous, concerned - all covid measures were good.  1 exception - the cleaner was not wearing a mask.  He should have been.
Amazing care + stay - would recommend to anyone
Amazing care by the nursing staff!  Everyone was so helpful, positive and went above and beyond to make sure we were all happy and healthy.  I had an amazing experience at XXX
Amazing care!  Absolutely excellent.
Amazing care.  Always so professional and personable.
Amazing hospital & staff.
Amazing hospital.  Staff was very friendly and supportive.  This was my second delivery at this hospital and I felt very comfortable.  The nurses are incredible and the OB that delivered my baby was phenomenal!  Many thanks!
Amazing night staff
Amazing place, hospital fabulous nurses  A special thank you to the amazing doctor - Dr. XXXXX and the very personable Dr. XXXXXXX.  I have my son to thank you both
Amazing service!
Amazing staff!
Ambulance personnel were very professional and courteous  Emergency staff were efficient and considerate  Some answers are skewed due to pandemic
An excellent visit!  I took my daughter for a broken big toe and the dr sent the x-ray to XXXX immediately where they determined she needed emergency surgery, which I was shocked to have such action and immediate care for something that might have been overlooked in any other hospital or by any other dr.  I am so fortunate to have this hospital available to me
Answered on behalf of 2.5 year old daughter. Wonderful experience. Doctor was extremely friendly and knowledgeable.
Arrived with about 5 symptoms of covid.  Placed in isolation and tested.   Have enlarged prostate and due to urination so often not allowed to sleep or rest during last 3 days.  Exhausted, dizziness, weak, etc.  No one sure what to make of it at first.  Once catheter was used able to sleep and soon provided test for covid came about 3 days later negative.  And 1st time that food was good tasting, but too little, was always hungry.
As a result of farm accident - 3 fractured pelvic bones & tail bone, attended emerg at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX & xrayed, then forwarded to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for xrays & CAT scans then to XXXXXXXXXXXX for possible surgery.  Xray & CAT scan again and decision made to not operate - then returned to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for healing and rehab.  Total 6 weeks hospitalization.
As a result of farm accident 3 pelvis fractures + 1 tail bone fracture.  After x-rays was sent by ambulance to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for x-rays + H scan + then transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for possible surgery + x-ray and KAT scan + then transferred back to XXXXXXX for recovery + rehab.
As a XX year old waiting time is long waits
As this was my 2nd labor & Delivery, I felt the hospital had a fend for yourself mentality.  Nurses didn't even offer a glass of water and then lectured me when I walked around with my baby to get my own.  - No pain meds offered at all even though I was clearly uncomfortable  - The nurse was condescending to my husband when asked if we could use the jet tub she told him I could just use the shower which I was in for discomfort, but not helping, nobody check on us  - Upon arrival the nurse was clearly bothered she had work to do, the phone was ringing as I was waiting to be checked and she stated "Nothing's going to get done tonight the phone won't stop ringing"
Ask about overall health a bit more (ex smoker/non-smoker, mental health, physical health)
At one point one of the nurses came in while I was breastfeeding.  She pulled the blanket cover off, manhandled my breast and shoved my baby on without even asking if I needed assistance first.  This was not my first child and I did not require assistance  Other than that very good, thank you
At same emergency doc - overbearing and made me feel anxious and guilty - this doc was not my own doc - who is superb
At the time of our visit the x-ray department was closed.  Requiring a second trip.
At time of hospital admission, due to some memory loss, I could not answer all the questions, I arrived by ambulance alone due to Covid 19 restrictions.  My wife was informed every day, by the "doctor", of my condition and everything they were doing  This was because of his coherency and memory loss at the time.  Could not have ask for better "care"  Jointly filled out by my wife XXXX as I have Parkinson's, and shake too much.  XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXX
Attended XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (while visiting from XXXXXXXXXXX) due to infected leg injury.  Med staff were speedy and knowledgeable in their treatment.  Thank you so much
Attention + care excellent at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Also at XXX
Awesome staff & food
Awesome treated great.  Thank you very much.
Awesome!!
Because I have a vision problem and cannot read name tag I would like staff to identify themselves, very few did so.
Because of Covid I almost did no go but glad I did or the issue would have got much worse.  I was the "only" patient in emerg during my whole visit!  Got the best attention
Because of multiple food allergies, there was one day when food (+ lack of) was a problem - it was immediately attended to + I was then fed extremely well.  Dietician came quickly we discussed the whole situation very clearly I have nothing but praise for her + the kitchens efforts to always provide their excellent "home cooked" food the concern, courtesy + respect in this hospital is always amazing no matter how busy the staff + doctors can be.
Because of the excellent care of the ER team I am here today after a triple by pass   Also receptionist + doctor were very kind to wife.  Covid time made it difficult
Because sometimes the wait in emerg is extremely long, I wish dr + nurses had a sense of humor.  It sure helps when you are waiting for care + feeling like crap.  XXXXXXXXXXXX was (unreadable) + no sense of humor/but got me referred ASAP which counts for sure.
Bed/foldout bed not that comfortable.
Beds were uncomfortable
Before going was not sure whether I would be staying overnight - turned out to be a 2 night stay  I had not brought anything (toothpaste, change of nightgown or PJ but was provided (unreadable)).  Also had visitor from out of town and was advised she couldn't stay but she had no way to get back to XXXXXX and nurse had to request the head nurse whether she could stay.  Logic prevailed and she was allowed to stay  That was a bit frustrating but in the end it turned out to be ok.  (BTW - she was here to help me and had had a long trip from XXXXXXXXXX!)  Perhaps a review of the policy for overnight stay may be done for specific situations that require more flexibility  Thank you  Overall was a great experience and glad I decided to have surgery there
Before visiting the ER, I had tried to go to my doctor's "emergency walk in" or to the urgent care without my luck being able to see a doctor. The wait time was very long that stay (ER) & one of the nurses seemed very annoyed when assessing me. The long wait and the negative interaction made my trip to the ER harder until the doctor examined me. She was very kind and helpful. I left with the care and prescription I needed to recover.
Being unable to get an epidural due to the one dr. being unavailable was extremely difficult.  It made labour horrible.  One nurse working at the start of the night was extremely put out when I requested help with breastfeeding
Best emergency department for small town visits
Best experience I could have asked for!
Best hospital for care that is rate "10" in my books.  I was scared when I went in all the staff went out of their way to make me at ease  Thanks XXXXXXX
Best I ever been to.
Best in XXXXXXX.
Best little hospital ever.  Recommend anytime.
Best service in the area.  Less waiting time than other large urgent centers.
Best, cleanest, friendliest, hosp in area  Meals quite good but could be warmer!
Better coordination between hospitals when I was sent for tests and refused admittance due to having not had my final flu medicine.
Better rooms/bed for dad  Blankets and pillows for dad  More support for breast feeding (first time mom had no idea when I was doing)
Blood work was not available at night  -  Staff was nice and caring  - Thank you for prompt service that day
Both my husband and I have required services of the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and the treatment/services provided are consistently excellent.  We are fortunate to have this service.
Both the dr and nurse were fantastic with my little guy and calmed my fears ASAP.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX never ever lets us down!
Broke my ankle and came to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX great staff and I had surgery quickly  Great communication and I know what to expect when I left  Thank you.
By far best hospital experience I have ever had!
Care from nurses + doctor was excellent.  Only criticism is food was not very good + involved too many lids + liquids to handle with only left hand.  I lost weight!
Care was excellent  - More nurses required especially with elderly patients  -
Care while in hospital was excellent in every way.  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Check up on cyst  Drainage two days earlier
Compassionate care, such professional staff from emergency to when I was admitted.  Dr. XXXXXX + nurses truly amazing  Forever thankful for the care I received, XXXXXXXXX
Completely satisfied with all my visits to this emergency department.
Considering during our stay at the hospital that there was 6 other babies born the nursing staff did a wonderful job It was quite hectic, and we weren't checked on as much as I'm sure they would have liked to, but it was completely understandable Nurses XXXXX + XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were spectacular + we can't say enough good things about the care they provided I feel the only negative experience we had was with one nurse who gave us some false information about breastfeeding, + was adamant about only breastfeeding the way she believed was correct Other than that we would not hesitate to recommend this hospital to anyone!
Considering I was out-of-town and it was a holiday weekend I was extremely grateful and impressed with the care I received at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  I suffer from health anxiety disorder, and was treated extremely professionally by all the staff
Considering we are in a pandemic, I think I was well served.
Couldn't have had a more pleasant experience.  XXXX (X yrs old) has since requested to go back  (I think he mostly liked the popsicle.
Couldn't of asked for a better stay.
Couldn't wait to get out of there  After my C-Section the nurses forgot about me - and told me so  They forgot to bring me pain meds and I was in a lot of pain  It wasn't until a second nurse (XXXX) came on the night shift offer me morphine to help me  I was fine with Tylenol after that and the left pills in my rom to dose myself.  The pediatrician (XXXXXXXX) was always referring to my son as a girl, and then said she was having a hard time keeping track of who was who - there was currently 3 newborns in the ward  It seemed there was no communication between the ever rotating nurses, pediatrician, practitioners - no one knew what the previous one had said so I was always getting conflicting information - right down to when I would be discharged.  Even the kitchen staff didn't seem to know what was happening with me.  I didn't get a menu till the second day and it was for 2 days later, and I was gone by then.  If this was the experience I had with my first child, I would not have come back for my second
Country hospital missing phones, closets moved there due to Covid elsewhere within hospital moved from medical ward to restorative ward small hospital not used to being full.
Covid affected visiting which was negative
C-section (emergency)  Nurses & dr's were amazing!  5-day stay
Diabetic - missing meal make me agitated and I expressed that to doctor on duty
Discharge medication was another also last been taken
Doctor & nurse worked with me to establish best treatment plan during visit I was very pleased with the care I received
Doctor suggested XS Tylenol for the sharp stabbing pain caused by shingles, which was not effective.  A few days later I got a stronger pain med. prescription from family doctor in XXXXXXXX.  I wish the emerge doctor had given it to me to use if needed.
Doctor was very nice god excellent service from everyone that saw me that evening.  Came away feeling good about my care at hospital
Doctor was very rude. While explaining health issue we were courteous but he accused us of ganging up on him. When my mother left and my father arrived the doctor changed his attitude. The doctor told me I should have gone to another hospital but wouldn't call an ambulance. Health care wasn't given other than fluids due to dehydration, even though I was experiencing severe abdominal pain
Doctor XXXXXX and the nurses worked very hard to address my health issue (complicated one) as quickly as possible, and I am grateful for their time and effort.  Transferring me to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXX was (unreadable) and greatly appreciated.
Doctor's, nurses and other staff members were very friendly
Doctors, nurses, housekeeping, dietary staff were all wonderful.  This was our second baby and once again everyone went above and beyond.  We have recommended XXXXXXX to others
Don't cut health funding!  Hear + watch my lips Mr. XXXX!
Dr made connection to go to eye clinic XXXXXX for emergency treatment for eye pressure problem  It took him several telephone calls to get answers.  He was extremely patient + gave me excellent service  Thank you doctor!  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Dr XXXXX, the anesthetists, nurses & clerks were all amazing.
Dr XXXXXX + XXXXXX provide great health care during pregnancy & @ 6 wks follow up, our son was born during COVID + all staff went over and above to make it "normal" given the pandemic.  Special mention to L&D nurses XXXXX, XXXXX + XXXX xoxo
Dr XXXXXX worked very hard to respect my wishes about the delivery and to minimize injury the nurses were fantastic in trying to minimize my pain, though unfortunately I could not get an epidural as the anesthesiologist was not available
Dr XXXXXXX saved my life because he came in on his day off to follow up with me and transferred me to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX where I underwent immediate surgery.  Without him and his dedication, I would not be here to fill in this questionnaire.  Thank you.
Dr XXXXXXX was outstanding  Left ED with renewed hope & strength regarding my physical health.
Dr XXXXXXXXX was upset as baby weight needs to be checked more thoroughly.  My daughter almost needed to go back to hospital for birth weight lower than allowed being parents for our third time.  My husband knew the symptoms and we started supplementing with formula.
Dr. had advised by phone an emerg visit if chest pain became recurrent which it did.  So tests were done for diagnostic purposes - ECG, blood work, Rx med increased.  Follow up via telephone due to Covid.
Dr. on that day had his staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - call to ensure I followed up with my family GP - after test results advised day of visit were completed + to ensure my GP had results  I was very fortunate to see  Dr. XXXXXXXXX + student that day!
Dr. XXXXX & Dr. XXXXXXX were outstanding, caring and patient  They made me & my husband so comfortable  The nurses were first class & made our stay amazing!  Love them
Dr. XXXXX was absolutely incredible.  Only one nurse really ruined my experience post delivery.
Dr. XXXXXX gave me excellent care, before during and after surgery.  He is an outstanding young specialist with extraordinary high level of patient care.
Dr. XXXXXX was amazing - if we have another child we will choose him as our OB. He listened to my wishes and took the care and time to explain procedures.
Dr. XXXXXXX (unreadable) me of does not (unreadable) and more  -Nurses & cleaning were very good  -Phone # XXXXXXXXXXX if can't reach me writing
Dr. XXXXXXX excellent  Dr. XXXXXX is a idiot
Dr. XXXXXXX showed excellent care  He tried everything possible to get answers and get imaging done that other doctors were failing to do  It ended up I had internal bleeding, which other drs were brushing off
Dr. XXXXXXX was fantastic - couldn't have been happier and the reason why the wait was so long is that it was overnight and he had delivered a number of babies - so understandable - I was in excruciating pain though so the wait time seemed endless
Dr. XXXXXXXXX and XXXXX from the blood lab were incredibly patient and kind to me during my entire visit  They both went above and beyond to show me I was cared for and my health and well being was important  Both should be commended  Thanks!
Dr. XXXXXXXXX was excellent.  Thanks.
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX - such a great doctor.  Already recommended to my friend  All the staff were so much caring during my stay in this hospital.
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is amazing!  So thorough and kind.  A great asset to the hospital and our community.
Due to an unusual infection I felt I needed to see a healthcare professional.  Although a clinic would have sufficed, unfortunately there were none open in XXXXXX on the evening in question.  XXXXXX needs more clinics to handle the population.
Due to COVID-19 there were some parts of my experience that I wish were different that were beyond the control of the staff/different because of COVID-19.  The situation was new and it seemed like protocols were still being made under the circumstances  My experience was the best that it could have been
During COVID 19, the "ER" is the centre for care.  Went to hospital care & days after "ER", then visiting nurse care (2 mos)
During night nurses sitting around station talking very loud about personal things.  Also there is a sterilizing area which nurses used during night clanging metal equipment.  Patients were very upset no one slept.  Nurses brewing coffee - smelled whole unit
During our stay the maternity ward was overrun with new babies and short staffed  The nurses did the best they could to provide quality care
During the longer waiting times in the cold winter nights it would be great to have a coffee machine in the hall, not just the icy pop drinks.
During this time I waited for 2 1/2 hours and did not get a chance to be seen by a doctor before I had to leave to go to a (unreadable)  It seemed that a physician or (unreadable) had his own patients scheduled for (unreadable) in ER!
During this visit, we were told that my daughter had a bad sprain and should walk on her foot. Upon trying to walk out of the casting room, my daughter couldn't put pressure on the foot and began to cry. The nurses reaction to that was 'well I guess you can use the wheelchair if you need to. You should be walking on it though' Less than 12 hours later we received a phone call from your hospital telling us that she had a stage 2 salter fracture, and needed to go elsewhere (XXXX or XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX) to get an air-cast as XXXXXXX doesn't specialize in pediatrics . When asked if she should be utilizing crutches as she cannot walk. The response I got back was 'well the doctor didn't say if she should be non-weight bearing so that's up to you'.  Not only did my daughter utilize an adult air cast, but upon seeing the ortho doctor at XXXX we were told that it was lucky that she didn't walk on it as she could have displaced the bone and potentially need surgery. I am saddened that instead of listening to me, and getting a proper answer the nurse on the phone decided to cut me off and tell me to make the decision. I don't have a medical degree, which is why I asked her. The X-ray had clear definition of a break on it, which makes me wonder what the nurse was looking at when she told my daughter that she didn't break her foot, but the doctor would confirm.
Each and every person did their job well.  It was clear that every person who worked with me was dedicated to their job and were consciousness doing it.  Every single person who worked with me had excellent 'bedside' manners and that made a huge impact on my experience and mental health both during and after my hospital visit.  Thank you so much.
Effective, fast, and to the point.  Wicked doctor and his intern was nice too, was very grateful to have had his help
Emergency room personnel should be trained in when a polite smile - would help many and even reduce stress!
Emergency staff excellent care!
Every time that I go to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  the staff are always polite and very helpful
Everyone there was amazing!  I would definitely recommend this hospital.  Dr. XXXXXX is wonderful.
Everyone was polite, friendly and professional, wait time was just too long
Everyone was really good at all times
Everyone was so helpful.  Nurses during labour and delivery were so supportive.  I could not have done it without them.  I enjoy sharing my experience with other soon to be moms and I highly recommend XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Everyone was super nice and helped me right away.  Great job and thank you for everything that you do!
Everyone was very good.
EVeryone was very pleasant and accommodating given the pandemic
Everyone who was part of the delivery amazing job.  I was suppose to have regular delivery that went to emergency c-section to being put out because I felt the c-section.  Made me comfortable as possible through everything.  Thank you
Everything was (unreadable) XXXXXXXXXXXX
Everything was excellent  The triage nurse was a little rude, but it was during Covid so she may have had a bad day.  Doctor was amazing & so was nurse helping him
Everything was excellent except for waiting for test results.  I don't know how long it should take but I think it took to long  Thank you. XXXXXXXXXXXX
Everything was good except the wait time.
Everything went very even though  we are in a pandemic
Everything went well and all the staff were kind, considerate and friendly.  the one comment I have is that I wish there had been more information given regarding post partum depression as I ended up with really bad depression the day after I gave birth.  Otherwise I can't say enough wonderful things about the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and staff  Thank you for a great birth experience
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care  To long a wait
Excellent care ... Thank you
Excellent care and excellent staff.
Excellent care by midwives and nurses  Clean, nice tub for water birth  Free parking is amazing!  Nurses made us feel supported and really appreciated the beautiful baby blankets and hat to take home.
Excellent care from all  Couldn't ask for better care (this is honest answer)  Memory is not as good as good since what I believe was a stroke (some long name)  I now try to stay calm
Excellent care from professional staff
Excellent care received!!
Excellent care!
Excellent care, very personable staff, great community hospital.
Excellent care.
Excellent department.
Excellent experience with midwives/nurses/drs very straightforward (unreadable) with no complications so I was only in hospital for about 6 hours total.
Excellent food!
Excellent for a small town hospital
Excellent hospital  Couldn't ask for better
Excellent hospital care while I was in labor and post partum, very clean facility and comfortable to stay in.  Very helpful staff!  Thank you!
Excellent job well done  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Excellent professional service & care.  Kudos to the team!
Excellent service  Excellent care  Excellent hospital
Excellent service - I was from out-of-province  Only comment to improve - saw 3 different physicians - each had somewhat different approaches on how to care for a nasty cat bite.
Excellent service always and thanks!
Excellent service from all staff members
Excellent service. In the past I was a few times at ED and always been treated with respect and prompt service to my full satisfaction. That time I was diagnosed with a serious AF. Presently, after an ablation procedure, my visit to ED is rare. Many thanks to dedicated people at XXXXXXXXXX.
Excellent staff - great service.
Excellent staff and facility!
Excellent under these conditions.
Excellent!
Excellent!  The nurses were all amazing + took such good care of me + my baby.  Dr XXXXX is fantastic I couldn't have had a better experience without him
Excellent, knowledgeable, and fast service. A different hospital is closer to me, but the wait times are 3+ hours. I have been to XXXXXXX twice and never had to wait more than 15 minutes to be seen, so it's worth the extra 15 minute drive to get there.
Excellent, professional care, warm + helpful staff.
Excellent, welcoming and comfortable
Exemplary care on a busy night, in an unusual set of circumstances a local covid surgery & I was looking for post-covid syndrome care & assessment
Extremely efficient, particularly in light of covid situation
Extremely good hospital care at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  One day, I was transferred to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for a procedure (Stent placement), where I waited a long time before the procedure was done.  This was because of several emergencies which delayed things - can't complain as we were informed of this:  besides, these emergencies needed to be tended to immediately.  All in all, I was very pleased with the treatment and care I was given at both hospitals.
Fantastic experience.  We are recommending XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on the obstetac floor and staff were outstanding
Fantastic service.
Fast, friendly, clean.
Felt sorry for the nurses, because of the other pt in bed beside me
Food was adequate but for a breastfeeding mom - it was not enough also, meals were often delivered late.
Food was great  Kitchen in maternity ward was very helpful.  Portions could be bigger.  I was frequently hungry during my one week stay
Food was not every good!
Food was very good should have some baked goodies for diabetics and coffee serve hot.
Food wasn't great.  Need healthier options (bigger portions too).  XXXX the nurse was amazing!  Very supportive, knowledgeable & encouraging!  Issue w/ nitrous oxide - almost given 90% doctor caught the mistake.
For me XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the best.  I been at big hospital and I was very neglected.
For Question 39 - my condition is pregnancy which has happened 3x in 3 yrs so not leaving the hospital with a better understanding is not a poor reflection on the staff. Anything new they were very informative.
For some reason my BP medication was not administered on the evening of surgery & the following 2 days.  My day nurse on XXX morning informed me that I had missed my medications & she administered the pill that morning  When my BP was taken just before I was scheduled to go home my BP was around 204/?  It was extremely high!  After consultation with the dr on call I was given another BP pill by the nurse & told to lie down & relax  2 hours later my BP was lower & the dr. signed my discharge papers
Found staff to be caring, polite, efficient & professional  -Wait times can vary depending on patient load/staff shortage to cope with patients
Friendly + efficient!
From attachment - I would like to thank the doctor cared for XXXXX.  Even thought the waiting room was full, she did not rush with him.  After he had set his hand she went to walk out of the room, stopped, came back and sat on the bed with him an shared a story about her own son's struggle at school and pointed out that he should never punch a locker again.  That he needed to learn to walk away.  As a parent, I really appreciated that.  Sometimes what mom and dad say means nothing but to hear it from another adult in a position of respect might actually get through to him.  My only complaint and I hate to say anything since the doctor was SO AMAZING and KIND was that she did not wait long enough for the beta blocker to kick in before setting his hand.  She only waited a minute.  It took me and two nurses to hold him down as the bones were being set and I don't think that couldn't helped much to the quality of the set (it almost needed surgery).  He was writhing in pain and crying.  It was one of the worst experiences of my motherhood  The plastic surgeon at CHEO said that this is one of the most common errors in emergency medicine - not waiting long enough for the pain blockers to kick in.  Five minutes after the setting my son was remarking that he couldn't feel a thing and how he wished they had waited a bit longer.  We would not have minded if the doctor had left the room to speak to another patient and then come back to set it but I guess we couldn't lost the window all together if she could not get away from the net patient easily.  All this to say, it was a positive experience and we were so grateful for the care of the nurse and our wonderful doctor.
Further test etc should have been followed up with for example, MRI, ultrasound, physiotherapy
Generally communication was poor especially from the doctors.  I had no discharge plans explained to me  No communication with my own doctor (GP)  I felt quite neglected.
Good overall experience, especially by nurses.
Grateful for this facility & staff  Close to home.
Great care  Thank you
Great care and felt very comfortable and at ease
Great care at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX emergency room.  I broke my foot and they were very fast to take care of me.  I did not need painkiller medication because I broke my foot the night prior to my visit thinking it was just a
Great care but also great sense of humour. This helped alleviate the panic I was facing.
Great care, they saved my life and I felt like family.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is amazing!
Great emerg dept!
Great experience!  Nurses and doctors were amazing!
Great experience, great staff.
Great food
Great hospital  Have had all 3 of my children there. Would recommend highly  Love the nurses
Great hospital would definitely go back!
Great hospital!
Great nurses, great reception and service.
Great service + courtesy of staff
Great service although, I waited for a doctor for about 2 hours.  Partial collapse lung  Nurses were quick and thorough great job
Great service as usual over passed 40 years
Great staff - but I'm prejudiced  One volunteers for many years + was part-time physiotherapy staff
Great staff  Especially attending nurse XXXXXX Dr. XXXXXXX
Great staff so doctor's are always attentive and listen
Great staff!  Thank you  Be safe!!
Great staff, excellent, professional care!
Great staff, very helpful and friendly.  Great experience.
Great staff; excellent doctors!
Great treatment and practitioners  I just arrived at a busy time.
Great work at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Had a wonderful experience Doctor XXXXXXX and the nurses were amazing to all of our needs + concerns only heard good reviews gone in to this at this hospital + coming out until only positive things to say as well
Had first baby at XXXXXXXXX, second at XXXXXXX experience at XXXXXXX exponentially better.  Nicer nurses, more comfortable stay, quietier, more accepting of pumping rather than nursing  All nurses were fantastic, XXXX especially went above and beyond, we loved her we so looked forward to seeing her walk through the door.
Had pneumonia.  Good experience.  Excellent doctor on call that day
Had to wait too long to be seen.
Have not had to go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for well over a year - at that time it was a 10 (ten)  (a very good experience)
Having my baby at this hospital was great doctors, nurses were 100%.  Made it less stressful for me who deals with anxieties.  I don't like hospitals, I usually get anxious around doctors but they all helped me to cope.  One nurse in particular (XXXX) made my stay so comfortable and took the time to help me with my anxieties.  She is such a wonderful person, an amazing nurse.  It's people like her that make all the difference and leave us with such an impact.  So blessed to have met her.  Great team work!!  Should really look into her work because everyone I've talked to had XXXX has a nurse and all loved her, she is awesome deserves a raise.  Thank you.
Having my baby in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the best experience every compared to my 1st born being delivered at XXXXXXXXX.  XXXXXXX is the best.  Thank you to all nursing staff and doctors.
Helpful nurses.  Clean rooms.
Hospital needs more funding for supplies (pads, diapers, disposable underwear).  We received no info on bottle/formula feeding and an overwhelming amount on breast feeding  The HVAC fan was so loud in our room that we could barely sleep, even with ear plugs and left the hospital with headaches  No consideration of mental health implications of emergency caesarean  Hospital staff were generally very friendly & a few not (we saw so many nurses)  The competency of our OB and anesthesiologist was excellent, and they explained everything clearly.  I healed quickly!  Exit procedure from the hospital was confusing and we felt lost because ward became busy  Thank you for the great care and for helping us safely welcome our daughter into the world.  We feel very lucky to have a great hospital in XXXXXXX.
Hospital staff need to ensure that they inform patients that birth registration is in the town/city of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, not XXXXXXX. This caused a 6 week plus delay in receiving a birth certificate, when our family needed it immediately, as we were traveling for work very shortly after birth.
Hospital stays are hard on the elderly.  Many interruptions during night for checks - disorienting
How well was treated
I 100% will return to XXX for my next childbirth experience. Excellent hospital and care. Thank you very much!
I always come home with a quick resolution to my problems  - Knowledge doctor & nurses  - Fast service  - Free parking  - The service is way better than the XXXXXX area hospitals
I am celiac so food was difficult.
I am extremely happy with all of XXXXXXX's hospital staff (doctors & nurses) they were kind, helpful and supportive.  I am not happy with the care provided by the midwife I had.  I should have been at the hospital sooner & I would have liked the doctor to have had more say during my labour when it wasn't progressing.  The midwife spoke over the doctor & continued having me push when the baby was not able to come & his heart rate was decreasing.
I am extremely happy with the level of service @ the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  They never disappoint.  Thank you!
I am glad it is close by and helped me (unreadable) and better
I am in the process of filing a lawsuit and having the XXX held criminally responsible for the actions of Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX, and all other staff involved with the deplorable and disgusting events that transpired during my visit and communication with this corrupt institute. The criminal actions of this institute, that took an oath to, 'do no harm,' are extremely serious and those responsible will be held accountable. I will be going public once my case is ready to present. Please feel free to contact me should you have any inquiries. My e-mail is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I am not from the XXXXXXX area, but was visiting family here.  I am from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I did not think I had anything wrong, but my relatives noticed, and insisted I go to ER
I am proud of our hospital - care - meals etc.  also my family out of (unreadable) but still (unreadable) us & hospital  Congratulations  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I am proud of the services we have - congratulations  XXXX
I am shocked that the question is asked!  Even more should that I am answering  Why not ask about age and gender too?  In this day + age!!  * So pleased with the care we received so proud of our hospital + recommend it to everyone (including friends in city of XXXXXX)
I am well aware that there are walk in clinics that I could use, int he area  I'd be happy to use them if my family doctor didn't advise me that I'd face a monetary penalty in doing so.  I don't appreciate a nurse telling me "well the average cost of an ER visit is much more than the $0 fee at the drs office".  This is a clear flaw in XXXXXXX's healthcare system.  If you don't want people at the ER for non-life-threatening emergencies, change the fees at my drs office.
I applaud nurses XXXXXX, XXXXXX & XXXXXX and would like this passed on to them  Very professional, helpful, beyond  Only one nurse not as helpful but during covid understandable.  So no complaint
I appreciated having midwife at a hospital close to home  I have straightforward births but prefer a hospital setting.  Midwife care + XXXXXXX hospital is the perfect combination for my needs.
I appreciated the kindness, and consideration received for my health problem which I did not understand.  I left the hospital with peace of mind.
I arrived at the hospital unconscious so I can't answer questions for the initial intake.  XXXXXXXXXXXX
I believe the best hospitals are the smaller/rural ones.  Better interest & care from nurses & doctors.  Larger hospitals do have better access to tests MRI, CAT scans, etc.  Greatly appreciative of our health care providers
I broke my foot on XXXXXXXXXXXXX, I really appreciated staff being helpful and happy despite missing the holidays with their families. The X-Ray technician was especially nice.
I came in for plastic surgery and was admitted for blood loss, so some of these questions were hard to answer!  The nurses were amazing though
I came to emerg because of a reaction to wasp stings to face (eye/nose area)  I had excessive swelling which was effecting my breathing & comfort  I waited 4 hrs.  The people that were there ahead of me did not move.  I left suffered until next day when my GP took me.  Did take ABX as cellulitis had set in/off work 2 wks.  I am a XXXXX.  Just seen by triage nurse nobody else.
I came to the XXXXXXX Emerg over going to XXXXXXXXXXXXX because at XXXXXXX you are treated better & get seen much faster than at XXXXXXXXXXXXXX Emerg. Thank you so much for you great Emerg Department & wonderful care.
I came with ankle very swollen not given ice pack and waited prob 2.5 hours.  Then told to get crutches and boot but was given no reference where to get it  Sent on my way to figure it out  Glad I had friends who had crutches and a boot to borrow.  Felt like care wasn't up to par to not give ice right away was very wrong.
I came with my foster baby and although she had excellent care, at times I felt she was on display or I was questioned a lot about her situation.  That is fine with a baby but I hope that older, more aware, foster children do not have that feeling at ER too.
I can thank all of the nurses enough for all the care and help to me and my newborn.
I couldn't have an appointment before 3 days to my family dr  That the reason I went to the ER and the nurse who saw me was not very nice but she call my dr office and I could go right away to see my family dr.  I had a surgery in my back and the incision had open and was bleeding
I couldn't have friends or family stay because of problems which is why I answered "never" to Q 54  The meals were delicious but the portions were too small  My husband couldn't leave the hospital for more food so we were hungry between meals  Otherwise great stay!
I did not enjoy moving to call a call centre to register while in extreme pain and have to repeat all my information over again.
I did not have any contact with doctors, as I had midwives.  I also had minimal contact with nurses.
I did not interact with any hospital staff beyond reception as I was in the care of my midwives.  I have not answered questions about hospital staff for this reason.  All information & support given to me before, during, & after my stay was given from midwives.
I did not see a doctor, midwife and nurse provided all care I had a very short stay (3 hrs).  No pain meds
I ended up having to go to XXXX as I was misdiagnosed
I ended up with a port for IV antibiotics for an infection.  I made six visits for this and was told to come in that it wouldn't be long.  On two or three visits I wait over 3 hrs to get a 15 minute treatment  This is not as it was explained to me
I enjoyed my stay at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. However, I felt as I wasn't given as much information this time around because I was a second time mom.  I also had my first child in XXXXXXX.  The nurses were nice and friendly, but they often seemed very busy and did not regularly come into my room.  I had asked a couple questions regarding having a circumcision done which several nurses said they would inquire about for me and never did.  We also left the hospital and then received a call from a nurse to come back because she had forgotten to do a heart test on our baby.
I experienced a very frightening incident in my room when at 3:00 AM another patient was admitted to my ward room who was yelling out and in great discomfort and kept myself and another patient awake the rest of the night.
I feel very lucky to have such a wonderful group of health care providers in my community.  Thank you and keep up the terrific work.
I feel very lucky to live here in XXXXXXX where we have an excellent small hospital, but are also just 35 minutes drive from the major hospitals in downtown XXXXXX.  I had excellent care from everyone I dealt with doctors, nurses, even the friendly young man who delivered breakfasts and lunches.
I felt like because I was mid wife patient I did not receive the same nursing care as the OB patients did nurses did not do rounds to check on how I was doing with my new baby and only came when I pressed the call bell  Also because I am a nurse I felt like I was helped less or explained less by the staff  Overall though I am very grateful for the care I received the midwifery care was outstanding
I felt the doctors and nurses cared about me and made me feel comfortable and they were compassionate.
I felt very cared for and also felt I was being listened to.  The hospital staff was very competent.  I had swallowed part of a toothpick.
I felt very dismissed by the dr when I told her what was wrong she made me jump once on the spot told me my ovaries were the problem sent me home.  "no exam" I left in tears the pain was awful.  I went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX the next day and they were wonderful.  Did all the test I needed for the problem and now waiting for surgery.
I filled in a questionnaire 3 weeks ago in case it got lost and filled in another one.  The food was really good  My doctor was wonderful and the nurses were very dedicated.
I found it hard to get to the bathroom because there was machinery in the way  The nurse knew about it and didn't do anything.  I had to move it myself.  Lack of compassion because they knew I had to go to the bathroom.
I found that after the shift change at night, the nurses rarely came in to see me or check on myself or my son. With the pain control for labour, we tried what I had asked until I made the choice for the epidural, at which point things were amazing. Plan to have my other children here. OBGYN department and Obstetrics unit is incredible.
I found the doctor to be arrogant insulting and indifferent.  All others, nurses & receiving staff were excellent and professional
I found the help I needed after my cat scratched me seriously.  I had already started an antibiotic for a sinus infection, but requested Fucidin, which was prescribed.  It was a simple situation that required little care, but could have been much worse (unreadable)
I found the wait time to see a doctor was too long for the size of their town it is far too long
I go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX because the wait is usually not long.  The service is always great.
I had a bad fall, went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - but no xray technician working at the time so I had to make another trip to hospital the next day, then the doctor on duty sent me to a bone specialist to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX few days later.  Overall, the hospital is lack of stuff working
I had a forceps delivery  No one explained how long healing time would be or what to watch for
I had a nosebleed at home for at least an hour.  I could not stop it.  I called 911 as I was alone.  At the hospital the nurse took my information, advised me how to stop the bleeding in future.  As the bleeding stopped then, I sat for about 30 minutes and left without seeing the doctor.  Other people waiting had been there for 3 hours.  I did not want to wait.
I had a pleasant and successful surgery and overnight recovery.  The only "negative" aspect was that when I was discharged, the nurse forgot to give me back my meds, requiring a trip back.
I had a tick on my breast on a XXXXXX  It was short + sweet
I had a very good stay.  I thank the LORD that we have a good hospital  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
I had a very pleasant experience, despite my discomfort post surgery.  My only complaint would be the food.  The food was less than satisfying.  I was hungry most of the time because I couldn't eat the meals.
I had called ahead to ask if x-ray/MRI was available.  I did not receive that care even though it was available then.  My ribcage on the right is still causing me issues.  It is known that it's sprained.  Underlying issues may be present.  This is the only thing that I think could have been done better.
I had diverticulitis and have had it a few times.  My fear is the bowel perforating.  Otherwise I would not go to emerg, I would wait and see my doctor.  I knew I needed antibiotics and try to get on them ASAP.  I brought a urine sample w. me in case and they told me nothing about it.  I got my results online and need a second antibiotic as well  I was a pretty sick girl.  I would never use emerg if I didn't think it was important that I be seen.  I worked int he  medical field for several years.
I had excellent care  STaff were very kind
I had excellent care at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and the doctor (Dr. XXXXXXXXX) stayed with me long after his shift changed - wonderful care from all on duty!
I had excellent care.
I had excellent treatment
I had facial wounds from a fall I would have appreciate if these could have been cleaned
I had greatest of care.  Thank you.
I had my X week old with a tick which was removed with the nurses fingernail without her warning me what she was going to do  She also did not clean the site afterwards  She did not listen to my concerns about the removal
I had no issues with the visit, staff are very helpful courteous
I had severe strep throat, when I arrived 2 people were ahead of me & one behind me.  My condition was so bad I couldn't even swallow.  I had to spit in a can.  I sat there with my winter jacket on, holed up wrapped in a blanket because I had a fever & cold chills.  Everyone was taken before me even the person who arrived after me, their condition was less severe then mine.  I feel as though because I'm a XX year old woman my condition was not taken seriously.  I sat there for 6 hours in extreme pain, the front desk lady was so nice she saw how much I was suffering.  Out of these 6 hours for 2 hours I was literally the only person in there.  I was told an elderly patient at the manor had a problem, their for causing a huge delay & inconvenience to myself suffering in pain.  The emerg should not be delayed because of the manor, enough doctors should be on staff to handle these situations.  Could you imagine the delay if the line was long behind me.  People even came & left because the delay.
I had surgery and was roomed with a mental health patient with a steady stream of visitors.  Nursing staff were "OK."  One was awesome - XXXXX or XXXX I believe  Meal choices post surgery were heavy - battered soggy fish and fries  Overcooked eggs  Dr didn't visit post op until I asked and wanted to go home to rest in quiet.  A nurse I know, who works on staff, was visiting lady and when she left, she stopped, pulled my curtain back and laughed at my condition.  Sad ...  As a single mom I have faced some adversity as a result of things that happened to us.  It being a small town, I realize that narrow minded ignorance is still alive and well in XX and XXXXXXX.  Staff would do well to take some cultural difference and acceptance training & learn decorum  * Respect, basic human rights
I had to visit twice as xrays were needed and the department was closed for the night.  Although it was 11pm at night the first triage I had was miserable.  Super unfriendly and unwelcoming.  My first visit was fairly quick in and out but the second visit took quite a bit longer even though they said they would fast track us through after the xrays were done.  That was not the case.  Additionally I had an issue claiming crutches and air cast through benefits because the receipt never listed them clearly.  I had to chase down the billing department to get this sorted.  Would have been nice to know in advance.
I had viral meningitis and was admitted for IV antibiotics as precaution for bacterial meningitis.  No one explained to me until a nurse later mentioned in passing that this was a precaution that was very likely unnecessary and I could have refused.  I may have agreed anyway but no one explained my options.  I was literally told that I was not allowed to leave.  PS Please get wifi.
I had XXXX syndrome so I had to be taken to the General Hospital after delivery so I wasn't able to get that last (unreadable) (breastfeed, take care of baby, etc) from the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  The care at the XXXXXXX during my stay was great and extremely helpful
I have a horrible memory.  When asked about meds I could not remember I put my meds on my phone when I get new Rx maybe that could be a questions what are your meds do you have them on your profile, health page on phone some people just go blank when trying to remember impossible Rx names.  We are a military family, and have seen hospitals in many provinces.  We were and still are amazed at how clean, tidy, fast, friendly (nurses sometimes have an attitude, fully understandable, but when I'm ill or hurt the last thing I want to do is figure out why the rn is so moody (again  I understand some patients are extremely difficult, and rn's may get worn down and burnt out...  but a "smile", legitimate "SMILE" goes a long way  Again I understand they may be overworked, etc but a nice attitude goes a long way.  Thank you
I have a new heart problem AFib the doctors and nurses were very good in explaining the new condition. Thank you for the great care at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I have always been very satisfied with the ER care received at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and have recommended the hospital to several people who live in the area for non- critical emergencies.
I have always had the best and most efficient care in emergency department.  I don't go unless I can't treat myself or see my family doctor.  I was referred to physio on my last visit and it is ongoing.  Many thanks
I have always received excellent care from the professional staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I have been going to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for over 15 years and find them in general to be excellent in their care friendly and professional thank you.
I have been in every hospital in the XXX area.  Age XX this in the best.  XXXXXXXXXXXX
I have been sick for 10 years and have been to lots of hospitals. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is one of the best  I feel relieved that the hospital is here and when you go you get immediate and wonderful treatment.
I have been to several hospitals in the XXXXXX area over my lifetime and the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX had an amazing wait time in the emergency room as well as the time it took to get a room. - X
I have been to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on a few occasions  Always a positive experience  However have to wait long
I have food sensitivities that I follow strictly.  When I was admitted I told the person.  When I was getting prepped for surgery I told them too.  They wrote everything on a red bracelet and put on my wrist.  When I returned to eating, the first breakfast I received was an egg, a carton of milk, corn cereal, and toast.  I can't have eggs, milk or corn.  I told them I could not eat this breakfast.  They took it and said they would bring me a new one.  It was exactly the same....  This was my whole stay.  I had to beg for just a salad.  They got mad at me and said that it wasn't written down.  Over the course of my first day there, 6 people must have asked me about my food issues.  I was very weak, sick and trying to recover, and starving.  My family was 2 hours away so no one could bring me some food.  I found a bit of change in my pocket and bought some peanuts in the vending machine.  I was very upset with this.  I had to finally pick at some things. They were making me sicker by giving me the food I could not eat. I stayed for 5 days. I believe I was there longer because of the stress and issues caused by the food I had to eat and the fact that I barely ate anything.  People that do not have food issues can roll their eyes at this rant, but it is not fun.  I once could eat whatever I wanted and I never asked for diet changes.  It is a real problem everywhere.  I thought that I would be ok in a hospital.  If I ever have to return for a stay I will be packing my own food!
I have had four c-sections, three of them at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  My experiences at XXXXXXX were fantastic and I was always so impressed by the staff: in addition to being highly skilled at their jobs, the doctors, midwives, nurses, orderlies, receptionists, etc ... treated me, my husband, and each other with the utmost respect at all times.  XXXXXX women having a scheduled c-section should drive out to XXXXXXX for a fantastic birth experience!  My only suggestions are that I would have liked to get a copy of my surgical record forwarded to myself or my family doctor and I would also have appreciated a visit (or phone call) from Dr. XXXXX the day after my c-section.  He didn't come back because I had a midwife, I was an experienced mother, and my baby and I were both healthy - all good reasons!  I would have still liked the follow-up, though, mostly because I would have liked to tell him what a fantastic experience he helped my family and me have that day.
I have had two amazing births at XXX  Fantastic hospital  With my 1st, the baby had jaundice, and the nurses were fantastic in allaying my fears with my second.
I have never stayed at any other hospital other than the XXXXX hospital.  Everybody from the drs right to the cleaning staff were amazing.  Thank you for all the wonderful service
I have no idea what you are trying to accomplish if the medical professional does not know what is the matter with you (unreadable) you except anyone to tell you  XXXXXXXXXXXX
I have very painful hernia but due to Covid am unable to be treated
I have zero complaints about my hospital stay  The nurses were wonderful and I had a very pleasant experience.  During my c - section I felt as though I felt way more than I should have been able to  My spinal appeared to be difficult to put in and took several attempts  After my baby was born I had to be fully sedated due to the increase in pain  I ended up with a spinal headache post - op (for 6 days) am still dealing with back issues from it
I heard wonderful things about XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and they we're all true. The nurses we're all so helpful and understanding. I feel so bad I forget their names but as soon as I got to that department I was treated so well. I was in incredible pain and she was doing everything possible to help me. Delivery did not go as planned and they had to call an OB immediately and they handled the situation amazingly. I also want to say the anesthesiologist explained the epidural really well as I was terrified to get it. All in all everybody I was in contact with was perfect and I want to thank everyone.
I hope XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX gets their own CT scan for their patients.
I just wanted to mention that I'm filling out this survey regarding my XXXXXXXXXXX visit to the ER for my daughter, XXXXXX. I had been in there a couple times previously in the last few months and in those instances, the doctors were great. In particular, a few months ago we saw Doctor XXXXXXX and he was fantastic, took the time he needed to thoroughly examine my doctor, and explained everything clearly. However, on this XXXXXXXXXXX visit, the doctor was a bit condescending and seemed rushed.
I knew that the doctors and staff were great  I had both my babies at the hospital - was wonderful the day I went for my surgery, the same doctor who delivered - also helped in the surgery  Many friends & family are pleased that I have spoken and told them to go to your hospital
I know it's not easy to please everyone but having real food would be better. I thought the food wasn't that pleasant.
I love all the staff. Best hospital ever!
I love that the FHT & ER are jointly staffed coordination is great & necessary  Not in a scheduled x ray visit, I was refused a look at the x rays of my left arm and hand  The stated excuse was that there were other patients info on the screen  I didn???t push it at that time  My chiropractor got the printed analysis because my doctor (XXXXXXX) has not communicated the analysis  It has been approximately 1 ?? months since the visit  I may not be so polite the next time
I loved all the staff at XXX  They all were very kind, caring & helpful.  The only negative was the ER dr. when I arrived, treated me like I was wasting his time  I was in a lot of pain, high on pain meds and he made me walk to the second floor like there was nothing wrong with me  He was impolite and quite frankly a real jerk (for lack of a better word) wish I had caught his name (older gent/grey hair)
I loved how you are always treated very nicely and respectfully. I love XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX delivery ward.
I loved my stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  The breakfast - lunch and suppers were always filling & tasty  XXXXXXXXXXXX.
I loved XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I moved from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to the XXXXXX area to  retire. I have been seen in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in the past over the years but XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the best overall, as a patient, l have ever experienced ...
I never cease to be impressed by the care provided by every level at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I rated my pain relief low, but that was more due to the fact that my baby came too quickly for any of the pain relief options that could have been offered.
I really appreciated that I was triaged quickly.  My issue was not complicated and I had the sense that, in recognition of that, they were able to reassure me and send me on my way with some guidance without a long wait. (I had received advice that I should go to emerg re: my issue).  The nurse and the young doctor were very professional and personable.
I received dissolvable sutures and did not receive written care instructions or information on when I should expect them to fully dissolve.
I received excellent care - the emergency was busy the day I was there  Staff were excellent - only problem was emerg. room was cold - I received blankets & that is fine but it could be uncomfortable & unnecessary to run & get blankets for me when they had more important work to do  No complaints
I received excellent care at the emergency department. The doctors and nurses were extremely compassionate and provided quality care.  My only concern was the day that I was admitted to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, I was supposed to have wound care done twice a day. This never happened. I only had packed dressing wound care once a day. The young nurses were uncomfortable doing it. The main reason why I was admitted in the first place was to have wound care twice a day.
I received excellent care.  Thanks so much.
I received great care & service there was some confusion on about a follow up referral (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX vs XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX)  I am very satisfied with the care I received!
I received immediate attention from a nurse I was advised to also speak with a doctor about my issue  The wait time to do so was over three hours.
I received IV hydromorphone 1 mg IV push ie. in a 10 syringe but because hydromorphone is potent, as a bachelor degree (unreadable) XXXXX (retired) I was trained to mix that med into a 50 cc of saline via syringe (min-bag) NOT pushed rapidly afterwards, I was quite sick (vomiting large amounts)  During surgery, a low dose of morphine (spinal) wasn't enough  I was on my CPAP for sleep apnea.  Therefore, I was in pain after my hysterectomy (total)!
I received superb care for burns.  I was in some pain but I don't remember anything about pain meds or of having been given them.  I think I was in some shock because I don't remember much other than I was given a prescription take home which I filled.  It was explained to me that they weren't addictive.  I wanted to mention that my husband has Huntington's Disease and the nursing staff went out of their way to offer help for him if needed.  You can't replace staff like that.  I was given the best of care and they were the best ever.
I said "I think I am having a heart attack" 30 seconds later I was hooked up to a monitor & hrs later I as in room in the "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
I severely cut my hand and was bleeding abundantly.  I was very upset that it took 6 hours to be treated I had 8 stitches.  The doctor who treated me was wonderful and did a marvelous job.  I later learned that he was the ONLY doctor on call in the whole hospital.  THIS IS ABSOLUTELY unacceptable!!  The reason why nobody in the emergency room was seen was because he had to attend a delivery (baby delivery).  There should be more than ONE doctor in a hospital & emergency!!  I will never ever go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I shared my room with a person who snored very loudly  Therefore I had very little sleep.  I was exhausted and it did effect my stay
I think I should have seen a doctor sooner because I had mayor surgery in XXXXX.  I had a total hip replacement done
I think that the people who live in the town should have first priority when going to the Emergency Department.
I think they released me a little to soon!
I thought everyone was great, care was very fast and I was appropriately referred for sx when the Dr felt that more intervention was needed
I used local ER for an infection b/c my family doctor is 70 km away and none of the local doctors are taking new patients
I waited 4 hrs to be seen, they apologize and said there were an unusual amount of ambulances arriving that morning.
I waited in a room for 3 hours in a most uncomfortable chair  A few bucks spent in a little comfort would be appreciated
I was admitted first to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on a 911 call, and a week later I was transferred to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for a further 2 weeks.  This survey is for the XXX.
I was admitted for a gall bladder attack and pancreatitis  There was not enough info sent home with me on a diet to follow until surgery.  The food while in the hospital was terrible  The broth should be a "real" chicken or beef broth  A change of pudding + jello instead of same kind for a whole week.  Ice cream was terrible brand as was the juices  They left no incentive for me to try to eat  Rather, they just made me more nauseated  I asked for 3 days to see a dietician before going home, but no one ever came.  My family were left just to use trial and error with food once home  I am not a fussy eater, but didn't feel there was much concern here.
I was admitted to constant cardiac monitoring for 2 days, which could have been done as an outpatient if a halter monitor could have been booked quickly.  I was started on a cardiac medication.
I was at the emerg clinic due to a miscarriage.  The front staff, triage and nurses were very kind  The emerg doctor was informative, but talked too much, mumbled on, and did not seem professional to me  She needs some sensitivity training  I've had a few miscarriages  The doctors I've seen have always been kind  This is the second time you have mailed this questionnaire  I was not going to do it or comment for that exact reason  Someone actively going through a miscarriage needs to be treated kindly, not discuss things to make them feel worse  Doctor * lack - compassion  * lack - professionalism
I was brought by ambulance, so the admissions process didn't really apply.
I was completely satisfied with the care I got.
I was disappointed by the fact that the hospital does not provide pads or mesh underwear for postpartum  To me it felt like if someone had a wound & you asked them to bring their own bandages.  I was not expecting to have to stay beyond the birth & had to buy some from the hospital along with diapers for my baby I haven't hear of any other hospital in the region doing that.  For a woman who just gave birth and can't have the support of her loved ones because of visitor restrictions because of COVID.  Pads & diapers should not be something she needs to worry about.
I was examined by a doctor within 20 minutes of my arrival at emergency  Food quality and variety was very good.  All staff were friendly and helpful  Outstanding hospital.
I was experiencing vertigo and my blood pressure was raised (the dr diagnosed an inner ear problem)  It was a XXXXXXXX night, we arrived around 9:30 pm on the advice of a XXXXXXXXXX nurse.  I was the last person seen, and we did not leave until about 1:30 AM!  I'm XX, my husband, who drove and who was not well himself, is XX.  Not a good experience, though the dr was good.
I was extremely dehydrated and they kept sending me home.  They kept saying I was in false and pretty much refused to give me anything for pain except tylenol and advil.  I had only 2 nice nurses and they were in the delivery room with me.  Dr. XXXXXX was going to cut my vagina without talking to me or asking my permission!  Barely ever saw a nurse during my stay.  They also didn't have time to do my son's 2 minute hearing test enough though I was there for 2 days and the other rooms were empty.  The nurses were incredibly stuck up and rude bedside manner at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is horrible and I hear it from everyone who stays there no impressed at all
I was extremely impressed by all of the staff.  I did not realise the potential severity of my ailment when I presented and was quickly triaged and being treated then transferred to another hospital.  I always felt well informed and well cared for.
I was extremely well cared for.  I appreciated not having to worry about parking.  I was very happy and reassured when I left the hospital.  Everyone worked so well together.
I was happy with my stay and felt that I was well taken care of.
I was impressed with the way the different areas of the hospital eg x ray and psychotherapy worked so smoothly together to get me on my feet again
I was impressed with this protocol I felt safe, respected, and well taken care of.
I was in hospital for elective surgery - only admitted for one night, so my experience was limited, but I was very happy with the care I received.
I was much more relaxed when I left than before I went in.  I could handle my pain better, but since then it is back worse than ever.
I was never seen on day 1 as things were chaotic with only 1 doctor on duty  It was suggested I return the next morning which I did things started off well but then another code blue was called so the wait was extended  I was later contacted by phone to return for a 2nd x-ray which I did  Could not get results as they became too busy again  Had to make an appointment with my family doctor to find out about the fracture in my foot
I was not able to get a diagnosis of my health problem during my hospital stay.  It is still being pursued at this time.
I was not coherent and not able to speak.  My husband helped.
I was on a medical flight, from XXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  For the first - three days, I was in isolation at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  I had no strength whatsoever - I could not sit up in bed etc.  The nurses assigned during the isolation period would not assist me.  They refused any assist that involved lifted.  One nurse said she had sciatica and wasn't about to do any lifting.  It wasn't until I left isolation that the nurses were more tolerable and helpful.  My doctor's analysis - I was deathly ill.
I was only at the hospital for 4.5 hours and had my baby within 15 minutes of arrival using midwives.  Sorry, most of this survey was inapplicable.  They also charged my insurance for a hospital stay even though we barely used the room.
I was only in the hospital for about 4 hours & didn't interact with any nurses or doctors only my midwives.  I found the verbal directions to the OB unit a little unclear in labour.
I was pleasantly surprised about the good care I received.  Waiting time was a bit long
I was pleasantly surprised that such a small town as XXXXXXX has such a large well equipped & well staffed hospital.
I was pregnant @ the time of my emergency visit and the dr and nurse were sure to assist taking that into consideration.
I was sent to get a ultrasound
I was so impressed with the care & speed of my visit.  The nurses were kind and helpful and was on my way in less than an hr  Thank you
I was surprised to learn that the doctor in the emergency department also has to look after the patients in the hospital wards.  That it why we feels we are waiting a long time to see the doctor.  Once we see the doctor, we always get the best care.
I was the only person in emg and was over 3 hours before treatment.
I was the only person in waiting room and it took 15 hrs to be seen too long for an empty waiting room
I was there because of having taken a turn to the worse with flu or whatever  The doctor successfully diagnosed pneumonia had successful first.
I was thoroughly satisfied with my visit to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to treat my concussion.
I was treated for heart issues so it was more rapid than normal.  However, on a previous visit, I sat for two hours on the waiting room without being seen.  I was next up but got bumped by a situation arriving by ambulance.  I ended up walking out.  This used to be a quick efficient ER but not anymore XXXXXXX needs more ER doctors
I was treated with kindness and always felt the staff were very professional.
I was treated with respect, kindness, and courtesy. I wasn't sure of what to expect because of covid 19, but everything went smoothly and professionally. XXXXXXXXXX will be our family's first choice for emergency care if we are close enough and have enough time to get there. Thank you! XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I was uncomfortable with how one of the nurses handled babies.  She was rough and not considerate of the newborn or new parent.  I didn't want her near my baby after my first experience with her.
I was under the care of a midwife up until my scheduled c section I found some nurses (not all) to be very rude to the midwife that was present with me they were all very kind to me directly, but seemed to have a disrespectful tone toward the midwife it made it awkward for me.
I was very comfortable and quite content but I did want to go home
I was very happy with the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX we are lucky to have such a facility.
I was very ill and unaware of everything going on.
I was very impressed with the care in emergency as well as on the floor by the nurses + doctors  I fell privileged to have the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX near my home.
I was very pleased with the care & concern given  I'm very thankful we have the health care we have!  Absolutely no comments at all (Well maybe the food).
I was very pleased with the care I received Dr XXXXXXXXXX was excellent and really drilled into me the seriousness of my condition  I saw great care of myself and others by many of the nurses.  I wish I could remember the name of my one nurse.  She was fantastic advocacy for me.
I was very stressed because I didn't know what was wrong and felt the triage nurse did nothing to way lay that fear and I sat in waiting room for over an hour totally stressed
I went because I had chest pains and was treated quickly to assess the heart.  I had a ECG and a blood test when everything was OK this I was sent out to wait to see a doctor.  I left after 1 1/2 hours without being seen again my choice
I went because of possible side affects of medication.  Doctor did not even mention  Nothing was done to relieve symptoms  Not impressed.
I went to the ER  Dr. XXXX gave me a note to be off work from my injuries (concussion, injured leg/back) but I received no pain meds despite being able to hardly walk & had to follow up on my family physician but couldn't drive of my concussion, so I was so uncomfortable that first night.  Could hardly sleep for the pain
I wish the hospital had more nurses working in the maternity ward.  They were all amazing.  But on the busy days very overworked.  On the day of my discharge.  I had to wait until late afternoon/early evening to be sent home because there was no nurse available  The nurse did inform me it would be a long wait because they were so busy
I work in a very large tertiary care trauma center hospital - the care I received at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX far surpassed any care I have had or witnessed at a large hospital.
I worked as an XX in the XXXXXXXXX for years and I was very impressed with the service at this hospital.  Professional, fast & efficient.  Nurse was compassionate and concerned re my current social & health issues.  Very happy about how quickly I received care  Good job staff!  You should be told this everyday!  Amazing small town ER!
I would also like to say we have a very good clinic which has two receptionists & they both close for lunch, 12 noon to 1 PM.  I believe that can be split so at lease one person is there to help answer the phone.
I would have preferred to stay in XXXXXXX to be treated vs moving to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  XXXXXXX could have given me the same IV antibiotics that XXXXXXXX did.
I would like to have a survey to describe the visit we had while admitted to the hospital.   While this was a more pleasant experience that we have had at the emergency department often our interactions are not so positive. I am supporting someone who has a disability and lives in a group home. She is non verbal and requires her support staff to advocate on her behalf as well as describe her symptoms and signs that have been observed. More often than not we are met with difficulties and disbelief when describing signs and symptoms. Often our clients medical concerns are overlooked because of the fact they have a disability instead of looking past the fact they have a preexisting condition. It is felt that doctors and nurses don't seem to have the medical training necessary to support people with disabilities, or the patience and understanding to listen to and believe the support staff.  This is a problem that has been ongoing for many years. Hopefully with reminders from the individuals, family and support staff it will be a subject that can be addressed in the future.
I would like to say I had wonderful nursing care during my stay.  Small town hospital  Nothing better, staff go beyond ot make you feel better.
I would like to see Dr. XXX at XXX adopt the practice of referring all wrist fractures with reduction to ortho.  I have found out the hard way my cast didn't allow mobilization of my fingers and since I did not see ortho till the 5th week I have had a lot of difficulty & will have months of physio
I would like to thank the health care team for going above & beyond for my X yr old daughter.  She asked if she could hear the baby's heartbeat (in my (mom) belly) since I am pregnant.  That was not the reason for our visit, but the team (and dr) immediately said yes to respond to my daughter's request.  They did not need to do that, but it made my daughter's day & she felt better about her own checkup  Thank you XXXXXXX team!!
I would rate XXXXXXXXXXXX top of its class!!  People "staff" were so kind and caring!  I was treated with kindness + respect in a gentle + caring manner  God bless you all XXXXXXXXXX
If I needed medical care, I would ask to go to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
If it hadn't been for my nurse XXXXXX I probably would have gone crazy at one point.  He has the gentlest voice + manner to keep patients calm that I have ever experienced  He was there whenever I needed him.  Please thank him for me.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
If you must be in a hospital this is the best place.
I'll be back (hopefully not) ha ha.  I loved the food.  Thanks to all.  XXXXXXXXXX  I apologize.  I could swear that I already filled this out and sent it.
I'm from the USA and when I come to Canada for the summer, my care for non referral problems is at the hospital is less than 5 minutes away.
Impressed with the young female doctor
Improve waiting time
In generally a stay in the hospital is what you make it to be.  I feel that I was well cared well looked after and reasonably well fed.  My only regrets is having health problems in the first place.
In my longest wait when assigned to the waiting room was 6 hours  That wait time was to long for a XX year old
In spite of my problem this visit was pleasant.
In the XX years that I lived in XXXXXXX, this is the first time that I needed to be put in hospital and the doctor could not do that because there were no beds.  I think our health care system is in bad shape, and does not seem to be getting better.
Incredibly impressed with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX one of the biggest benefits of living in this area.
Infection control was an issue, cleaning staff cleaned bathroom & used the cloth to wipe down my overbed table.  They wore the same gloves after cleaning the toilet to move things around the room without changing them.  They entered the room wearing the gloves & left wearing the gloves. It left me suspect as to what they brought into the room with them. Quality Improvement: The ER nurse/lab didn't take blood cultures prior to giving antibiotics as ordered. This was missed and an important test which was determining my length of hospital stay & course of treatment. The shower int eh hospital for patients was not clean or accessible. It was in extremely poor condition (Med Surg).
Initially ambulance brought me to emergency then I was transferred to XXXXX for surgery.  Transferred back to XXX after 3 days in XXXXX for additional 4 days at XXX  XXX  -  staff was personably, highly skilled, attentive  Food was exceptional.
It happened during the covid crisis and people were avoiding hospital visits so emerg was very quiet at the time of my visit  My visit was the result of a bike accident requiring stitches to a cut
It is reassuring to see so many handwashing and anti-germ stations in the hospitals!
It was a good experience.
It was above average  Excellent
It was an accidental belief I was having a heart attack  I was wrong although I continue to have numbness + sometimes pain in my left side
It was an awesome experience altogether.  The care was phenomenal.  Even the cleaning staff contributed to the stay.  Besides keeping my room clean, they responded to my chatter, cheerfully and respectfully.  more like a visit to a holiday resort than to a hospital.
It was an excellent + polar opposite to my first child. The operation was fantastic + staff wonderful. (First child born @ XXX)
It was excellent!  Staff & Dr XXXXXXX were amazing XX
It was fast  Very well done to all staff  Thank you  XXXXXXXXXX
It was for my daughter  It was a good experience but the wait was long considering it was not busy - waiting room empty
It was in isolation had to ask the nurse to empty garbage can that smell with food in it, they didn't clean my room on XXXXXXXX.
It was my first experience at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and I thought they were excellent and I felt safe from COVID-19 during my visit.  I just want to thank the nurses and the doctor especially.
It was the best place for me to be during a very trying time in the medical world with the Covid 19 pandemic going on.  I was treated very well.  It helps that I live in a small  town. Excellent care was given to me.
It was the weekend, so I used emergency 2x for tic removal, since I could not reach the site.
It was the worst time ever to get sick and be in hospital  Thank goodness I had the best of care.
It was very (unreadable) there.
It was very good.  There might be some confusion regarding the emergency #23 - 29.  I told to come to emergency department and was immediately prepared for operating room  I had attended a couple of days previously to talk to doctors
It's only my opinion, but I see that staff has been anesthetized (anaesthetized) to a lack of concern/compassion over the years.  Doctors too.  A little more emphasis should be spent on training in this area and try to keep same drs. + staff and make it interpersonal instead of impersonal.
I've only had good experiences at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Just exceptional care  Very clean, quiet, efficient
Just have to say this was a great experience.  The staff and I mean ALL the staff were absolutely amazing.  Thank you.
Just that it would be good to be able to get everything done in 1 visit ie. Ultrasound, x-ray etc.. x-ray closes at 8 and I am not sure about ultrasound and it was XXXXXX night, I had to wait until XXXXXX for my ultrasound.
Just that the staff are amazing!
Just that the wait time was a little too long.  It's a small hospital but wouldn't hurt to have 2 doctors in emerg, when the doctor on call has to deal with the nursing home at the same time.
Just to be clear regarding my survey answers, I had throat swab done for step and results sent away  Hospital called me later in week with + result and quickly called my pharmacy for med/prescription
Just wanted to say that the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is one of the best I have ever been to. The doctors & nurses have always been kind & respectful to me. I am grateful to know that they are there for me. Thank you.
Keep up the great work.  Staff very good.
Lack of clear explanation.  re:  pain medications that needed to be delivered on an ongoing basis following discharge.  Generic names, latin names, equivalent drugs for pain effects for pain management.
Long wait, but possible due to flu season
Love the mat ward at XXXXXXX! You guys are great!
Loved how quickly I got in
Lovely team of drs & nurses
Main reason for visit was ongoing extreme fatigued dizziness & very swollen upper abdomen.  Unfortunately the ER did not have diagnostic equipment and I was sent to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for further testing.
Major issue re health insurance
Many of the nurses are so friendly and very accommodating.  Even with the current state of hospitals through the COVID 19 pandemic I felt safe and cared for.  There was always someone there if you needed them.
Many of the questions were not necessarily applicable for I was taken to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and placed on a monitor prior to being shipped off to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Maternity ward furniture needs an update bed screeched every time it moved and chair/guest cot was very uncomfortable
Meals at XXX were excellent - better than other hospitals in extended area.  Staff - caring "Team work" not "rushing" around - attentive to patients needs!
Midwife care was amazing  I was well prepared & well looked after by both my midwives.  Nurse staff at hospital checked in frequently and were friendly & helpful.
Mine was a minor problem, but I have only ever heard good things about XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  I have taken other people there and waited and they have always been pleased
Misdiagnosis of spinal pinched nerves led to two more weeks of degeneration due to Lyme's.  I should have been sent to MRI at XXXXX from ER XXXXXXX
Mobile lab did not have my drs name on the tests so I did not get proper care in due time.  I had to follow up myself.  Turns out I had a condition dangerous to me & baby (8 1/2 mos pregnant) that did not get dealt with properly.  Also was told I had a condition that was not accurate.  I think my name was put on someone else's results.
More comfortable bed for husband to stay overnight after birth the staff was amazing and really cared about you
More information on breastfeeding would be helpful  I had to seek help from a lactation consultation  - Overall very good experience  Nurse XXXXXXXXXXXXX was incredible & Dr. XXXXXX
More vegetarian options would have been appreciated in the meals during my stay - I often didn't get enough calories -  No one explained that I could order/check mark food options for future meals.  Also, infant tag alarm often went off due to a design flaw with one of the hospital rooms (too close to the stairs)
Most people would love to have the facilities of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  Excellent staff, excellent service.  XX
Mother's hospital stay was wonderful when I visited her each day, the nurses were very caring.  I was disappointed in my last visit to the emergency dept on XXXXXXXXXX  My mother - XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - was in the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX from XXXXXXXXXX - XXXXXXXXXX  During her stay, the nurses were terrific and her care was exceptional.  The only negative experience I had at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was when I called the ambulance at 5:30 AM on XXXXXXXXXX.  My mother was thrashing around in bed and was having difficulty breathing.  When she arrived at the hospital, my sister told them to call my mother?s cancer doctor.  She told them my mother was in the final stages of breast cancer and only had a week or two left to live.  My sister and I were told by the emergency staff that my mother should be in a hospice and not the emergency department and sent her home.  We felt like we were intruding on them and we were the only patients they had that morning!  I just expected a little more compassion from the nursing staff.  With the help of the XXXX staff, my sister and I took care of mother as best we could at home.  She finally got into the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and died the next morning.  Sincerely, XXXXXXXXXXXX  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  XXXXXXXXXXXX.
My care at this hospital was excellent and it made my stay there enjoyable great labor/delivery team
My child was seen for a concussion  Info in written form was confusing as it said to go to hospital if problems with speech, my child was stuttering very badly.  He has never stuttered before.  Doctor was not concern about this or the sudden (at time of injury) vision loss.
My doctor Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was wonderful as always!
My doctor Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX is a top notch GP thorough, tough and informative.  She does not miss mich.  The nurses are top notch and friendly + informative.
My doctor's quick response once he rec'd my blood test results.  He met me at Emergency that night.
My experience at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was better than expected.  Thank you!
My family doctor Dr. XXXXX, at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXXXXXX, retired. None of the other doctors at the clinic were willing to take on his patients. I now go to the clinic for my medical problems. The wait time is very long and the clinic has cut back hours. I did attempt to go the clinic, but it was closing. The nurse suggested that I go to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I was so surprised with the service. I was taken right away. The nursing staff was friendly, the attending doctor researched my allergies to prescribe the best medication. I was very impressed with the service. My XXXXXXXXXXXX year old mother has had several medical issues and I have spent many hours waiting with her at the emergency departments at XXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXX. My visit to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was a positive experience, hopefully all emergency departments can reach their level of service!
My father passed away in XXXXXX.  I spoke with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and they said to complete this on my fathers behalf as I was there daily for hours and spoke to him on the phone each morning as well.  He was discharged to rehab with pneumonia which was discovered on his admissions chest x-ray.  I suspected pneumonia in XXXXXXX but was told no even though no tests were done. Rehab said he should have had breathing exercises in Almonte since he was not getting up. He had been quarantined due to VRE which was the only hospital to quarantine for this.  (He was also in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX) Was not allowed out of his room so decided to stay in bed.  Suggest protocols for XXX be looked at, especially location where found. He definitely was a difficult patient (very smart & stubborn) suggest that nurses have further training on how to deal with difficult patients.  There was 1 who was very good with him as she had worked with geriatrics before and she was able to get him to sit up, move etc. Others need training. After a while I felt nurses ignored him as it was easier. His food was put outside his room as he was quarantined and sometimes took an hour to be brought into him by nurse (with no gloves or gown so why quarantined?)  He was there to get stronger after surgery and left there worse than when he went in.
My first child birth there was diapers, wipes and post partum items made available to me.  This time these items needed to be purchased.  I was unaware of this and I fill these 'budget cuts" are not appropriate as these are items required for healing and care while at the hospital  Staff was amazing, always friendly and kind  Makes the stay enjoyable in such a hard time with the pandemic  A second person would have been beneficial to myself and my baby  The restrictions set by the hospital only allowed 1 person in with me and due to work obligations my husband couldn't be with me as he couldn't take the entire time off work  He was not able to be there for the birth of our daughter as a result
My first child birth was here and had an amazing experience.  This time there were 2 elderly nurses who did not listen to me in not wanting Nitrous oxide.  They took both together 7 attempts to give me an IV.  They told me to use the nitrous oxide to make it easier for them to get the IV in.  It was painful and caused a lot of bruising.  When I would push the nitrous oxide away from my face they would put it back on my face.  They were rude to my husband and did not explain things to me.  Once they got off shift, I had an amazing experience.  The care was great!  One nurse who delivered both of my babies is one of a kind.  She is an amazing nurse who gives 100%.  Her name is XXXX she always gave great advice, + was there to answer any questions.  Overall we love this hospital.
My hospital experience for my first delivery was excellent.  I felt cared for by professionals and supported through the duration of my stay
My hospital stay was good, nurses were absolutely amazing recommend XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to everyone.
My hospital stay was great.  Doctors, nurses, & all staff couldn't of use me better.  I certainly got good care & the meals were excellent.  The physio girls were really good with me sincerely, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
My husband was diagnosed as having a TIA and was transferred by ambulance within an hour ot the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX emergency, where he also received immediate care.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
My labour and delivery for my son was particularly traumatic and difficult. The staff on the the L&D unit were exceptional! I always felt well supported, both physically and emotionally, and my husband and I could not have made it through our hospital stay without each and every one of them. We felt so fortunate to receive such incredible care!
My midwives and the nurses were excellent in every way. I had a poor experience with the OB on call who had to come in and provide stitches after the birth. He was rough, rushed and not attuned to the fact that I had just had a baby un-medicated and was uncomfortable and in pain. It was a violating and frustrating experience receiving care from him after experiencing such great care from the other staff.
My name is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (POA) daughter of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  We were very impressed with the care of mom at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX she arrived in poor shape and left in better condition
My nurses on the OB floor were wonderful.  I continue to recommend the facility to people to give birth in.  The facility was clean, spacious and bright.  Thank you so much.
My only complaint  Due to allergies I had a prior consultation with the anesthesiology department regarding my epidural.  I was told the ingredient sheet would be available at the time of labor when the time for the epidural came, the sheet was no where to be found and took almost 1 hour to locate
My only issue during this hospital stay was the department of a painful blister reaction from the bandage adhesive used to cover the surgical incision.
My only issues were the bathroom wasn't cleaned enough while I was there.  I had to re-stock my own supplies after childbirth  I had hemmoraging during childbirth and I wasn't given information for when I left the hospital.
My OR nurse was an absolute gem!!  Kind and compassionate and very calming for an anxious patient
My overall experience was excellent.  With the cooperation of my family doctor
My reason to go to the emerg was for a finger injury.  I was aware that others were probably needing more attention but I was not made to feel that I shouldn't have come.  Courtesy and care was professionally given to me in an impressive time line.  Thank you.
My recent bout of febrile neutropenia was extremely well handled by the emerg nurse and doctors.  The only issue was that the treatment info was not conveyed to my family dr. who is part of the same hospital
My roommate was very noisy + in pain attended by nurses frequently but loudly. Conversations in the middle of the night were done with "outdoor" voices food was very good
My scheduled surgery was an overnight stay in a strange place.  I felt so welcomed by all members of staff.  Very friendly and relaxed.  Always felt that I mattered and the patient beside me also.
My stay in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was just an overnight stay.  Was treated very well by nurse and staff.
My stay was amazing.  XXXXX was an amazing nurse very caring and kind  I recommend her and this hospital always!
My stay was overnight and I received excellent care after my operation till I went home.
My stay was very pleasant. The nurses were very caring and informative, and made me feel like family. Dr. XXXXX was phenomenal during the delivery, and I hope I am able to have him for my next delivery. Since my stay I have been suggesting and will continue to suggest delivering at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to my friends and family. Thank you for an amazing experience.
My two night stay was very good
My visit to ER only required a simple nursing procedure. No doctor contact was required.
My visit was excellent.  The paramedic did a top notch job also very satisfactory overall.  XXXXXXXXXXXX
My visits were minor problems, but serious enough to warrant reassurance  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Never saw a doctor!!!
Nice people.
Nice private room  Nurses & midwives are excellent.  Clean
No - excellent.  Excellent doctor.
No - except for my doctors, they took time to explain about my irregular heart rate & its treatment.  The nurses were very attentive.
No  Great treatment!
No  Other than sometimes you wait quite a while to see someone - would guess that happens when emergency dept overloaded and/or short staffed!
No  Thank you.
No complaints  Service is excellent
No one spoke to us about circumcision @ XXXXXXX & it should have been discussed  Also our baby didn't get bathed.  I don't know if it was because this was our second child but nurses were not as attentive this time as they were our 1st time
No room in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXX.  Transferred to XXXXXXX returned to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXX 3:00 AM same week.
No thank you
No thank you
No XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
No!  Overall it was a good experience  Nurses were friendly but I didn't particularly care for the doctor that I had on the ward.
No, but Q's on the survey were good.  I had a very good experience  The staff were excellent.
No, thank you I had a great experience.
Noisy at night - door had to be kept open, while nurses continually chatting outside about the hospitals new laptop data entry system.
Not about my most but I have brought my mother to the emergency twice, once for a physical issue and once for an infection  She is mentally competent and I noted both times the assumption from all staff that comments and questions should be addressed to me instead of to her perhaps you could discuss a way of determining who should be answering questions with respect to an elder and avoid the assumption that the chauffeur is the competent individual not easy sometimes, I am sure, but you are all terrific so I'm sure you'll take note
Note -> The website address on the letter doesn't work  This is why I have answered on paper!
Nothing!  It was very very good  Thank you
Nurses and doctors were great.  Kept me up to date with my status.  XXXXXXXXXXXX (nurse) was awesome.
Nurses and support staff were so friendly small town hospital feel that we were looking for!
Nurses are very grumpy.  Patients do not want to hear how "tired" or "overworked" the doctors are -> it is their job.
Nurses seemed a bit disorganized during our stay mostly regarding our chart and communication with each other.  Overall, we had a great experience and will be back for maternity again.  Thank you.
Nurses very kind & helpful  Meals very good & girls were pleasant - rooms kept very clean & girls very pleasant - All staff willing to help at any time even when busy.  They made it comfortable for the patients at all times.  My own family doctor tended me.  I'm glad it's my hospital, we are very lucky to have an A one hospital & staff in XXXXXXX
Nurses were "cold" and too professional.  I had an injury from falling and was not offered pain relief until right before the doctor visited me.  Nurses not very compassionate.  I felt like I was wasting their time.
Nurses were working short staffed.  Had to wait for medications because of staffing issues.
Nurses, drs & midwives were great about checking in on me & baby lacking in info for post - hospital care for baby XXXXX as a 2nd time mom I was OK - 1st time moms might not have been.
Nursing staff needs to listen & look when patient says IV hurts not just say patient is being sensitive.  Vein collapse is very painful still have sensitivity in hand wrist area.  Preventable.
OBS unit is absolutely fantastic!
On 2 occasions the receptionist was not available for a considerable period of time (15 mins.)  In my care it didn't matter - my concern was for someone in dire straits
On arrival @ 3 30 AM the receptionist took my info and asked me to sit in the waiting room after I told her I had chest pains, etc.  I waited 5 minutes and asked to be put in a bed - no one else was in the waiting room
On my last morning, nurse XXXXXXX had all my pills in a cup.  Previously all were in a sleeve + had to be punched out into cup.  She tried to give me my nighttime BP meds with morning BP meds.  I said no to them.  She then said "So you are rejecting these."  I said no, I don't take AM + PM meds together.  Made me wonder about someone who is not sure what pills they take when after that episode she was nasty - except for her my stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was just about perfect  I think nurse XXXXXXX (24 yrs nursing) has some anger issues.
On the whole I was quite happy and everyone did their best, very patient and accommodating.  Best regards  Your doing well.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Once a day but very poorly  Private room  Too many part-time nurses  Lots of repeating things  Lack of communication with nurses  Cancer & A fib
Once again I was very pleased with the care given by staff at the XXXXXXXXXX  They do a really great job in their day to day operation.
One nurse who was older got a bit overbearing and insisted about the hospital not going to "cancel" the appointment at the heart institute when that was not in question at all!  She was very rude and abrupt - but we don't have a name!!
One of the reasons we moved to this community was the XXX when we needed it, it was here for us with an excellent emergency department and staff.  The MS staff were excellent too.  Even the food was good!
One of the reasons we moved to XXXXXXX is for the proximity of the hospital and emergency.  Having it close by is very reassuring
One young nurse (XXXXX) knew I was missing my pit & went about getting my pit registered as a hospital visitor legally with bandana & certificate.  I found that outstanding & such an emotional boost to me as I was expected to not make it.  I have made a donation to hospital as a result.  Every nurse was absolutely fabulous.  Also all doctors - Dr. XXXXXXXX Dr. XXXXXXXXX Dr. XXXX Dr. XXXXXXX Fabulous care!
Only complaint is the dr. didn't listen to what I had to say about my problem.  I already had seen my family dr and was on antibiotic.  I was given instruction if I looked like the infection was getting or not better by a certain time to go in.  The dr. didn't listen to what I told her my dr. said, instead wrote me a useless prescription that I never ended up filling.
Only had one nurse that couldn't read English very well and almost sent me home to take out my catheter in 2 days by myself. - I knew better so I had to get the dr to explain to her.
Only issue I had was that every nurse had a different opinion on almost everything around caring for a baby.  It was a little confusing.  I appreciate their candor but am interested in what is best practice.
Only that the survey should be given to me on leaving emergency.  Getting it nearly 3 weeks after the visit makes it difficult to remember/provide accurate answers
Other than a longer then usual wait time I got excellent care.
Our nurse, XXXXX, was amazing!  Dr. XXXXXX was also wonderful  They both made our experience fantastic!
Our second child struggled early on, (losing weight) & the staff at XXXXXXX were so helpful, attentive to our needs & made our experience second to none we cannot thank them all enough.
Our small hospital is a wonderful, caring place.  If you are sick, it is a great place to have a bed!  I was only there overnight, but was treated very well!
Our son, XXX still feels like he has a "bug" in his throat and he is still drinking water constantly to soothe this feeling.  Drinking this much water is causing him to pee very often.
Out of the few visits 2 evening I had to wait 2 hours to be seen.  I was in extreme pain and I reported my problem
Outstanding care!  Thank you!
Over all a very good experience
Over the course of our stay we had 8 different nurses.  This resulted in many different opinions leaving us confused.  It was difficult to feel understood, cared for and consistent while staying in the activity room we were often forgotten once moved to a real room our care somewhat improved  It was disappointing to discover these rooms were vacant and we were not moved sooner
Overall a great labour & delivery unit!  The food served at XXX is fantastic  It was a highlight of the stay here
Overall amazing experience!
Overall amazing hospital nurses were there always for everything even to just talk or answer questions.  Very amazing team at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Overall experience was excellent.  Thank you.
Overall experience was great with the exception of one nurse who always seemed irritated when I called for help.  XXXXXX, XXXXXX & XXXX were all wonderful and helpful!
Overall great experience.  Thank you.
Overall I had a great experience considering I feel the hospital is understaffed.
Overall my hospital stay in question was an excellent experience. Except - when I requested pain medication nurse did not return with medication until 3 hrs later.
Paramedic transport servers are only interested in loading bodies on their stretcher - that secures payment - request for a few minutes to pack belongings + denied.  Led to loss of watch/wallet, + meds.  XXXX them!  They should be sued and loose your licenses
Please don't get be wrong.  My hospital stay was great but at the same time I did not demand much from staff.  The only problem I had was that there were young nurses who were not comfortable doing wound care.  I was supposed to have wound care twice a day instead I received it once a day.  The entire purpose of my admission was to have wound care done twice a day.
Pretty hectic & unorganized - there were several women in labor and delivery - lucky I am not a first time mother or I would def not have had enough care & attention
Professional, quick care. Grateful for the treatment I received. Thank you.
Prompt, excellent care. Doctor showed me my xrays, explained the results and what the next procedure would be (surgery) and arranged my appointment with the orthopaedic surgeon for the next day.
Quality of food was not satisfactory
Quantity of food provided was good, however meal choices were not. More healthy choices, variety & vegetarian options would be preferred. Meals were skipped several times throughout hospital stay and instead outside meals were brought in.
Question # 4 my husband went to nursing station due to pain issues & concern wasn't addressed, nurse came to my room 25 hrs later.  - No medication for pain after birth was offered - felt very much ignored so decided to go home earlier than planned.  - Delivery was under care of midwives, not hospital staff
Question #39 - This visit was for my daughter, XXXX, who was in grade 9 at the time.
Question 26 & 27 - I was not completely aware of what was happening to me  Question 41 - who has a good time being a hospital patient?
Question 7 only asks about new meds.  In my case a medication was stopped.  Should the item indicate a change vs only a start?
Quiet, clean + courtesy.
Rather go to XXXXXXX than XXXXXXXXX or XXXXX and you should wave the ride!  45.00 I'm on welfare, no money for transport.
Re question #38 - I don't really recall this one about my condition & whether my confidence was every discussed much also question #32 - again don't recall whether tests were discuss
Really excellent Emergency Dept.  Thank you.
Really wonderful experience with midwives.  Nurses at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I have recommended it several times.
RN XXXX + assistant  The best team room service + knowledge I have ever received  XXXXXX XXXXXXX (Rm (unreadable))
Room XXX  My poor experience was the ward I was given (no semi-private available) the tap in the bathroom dripped all the time.  The patients in the room were horrible.  The one next to me snored loudly at night the other lady would not flush the toilet.  Both the patients had donated TVs I had none as it had broken down and wasn't replaced.  Was replaced after I left.  Thank god for the family room where I could go to watch TV and have peace and quiet.  I was allowed to wheel my intervenous there.  The other lady (doesn't flush) had her TV sound so loud 'till midnight on the restricted channel.  The food was excellent (once I was allowed to eat) and the people who delivered it were amazing.  By my 6th night, I was transferred to a semi-private I even offered to pay for a private room but it is reserved for specific situations no shelves in bathroom to just set your personal items down when you get washed
Shingles was not diagnosed but it turned out I had shingles therefore antiviral drug was not given in time  I was diagnosed with possible impetigo but no antibiotic was given.
Should have had an x-ray.
Society seem to have accepted 3-4 hr. wait time is acceptable but I think that is wrong so they should stop better to reduce this time to 2-3 hours
Some nurses were helpful  Baby formula fed, problems w/breastfeeding after baby tongue tied discovered after left hospital  Baby now breastfeeding well Not prepared for cesarean birth + possible complications.
Some of the overall ratings were lower only because the hospital food was just so terrible.  Otherwise, I had a good experience overall.
Sometimes the triage nurse can come across as rude  This past visit was great, however other times she is not very friendly
Speed of care is always excellent.  I took my X mo old baby to emerg for intense vomiting and felt that my concerns were not taken seriously at all.  Nurses and doctors are friendly.
Staff are excellent! Care is amazing!  Can't say enough good things about XXX.
Staff are responsive and caring  Time is utilized to the best possible efficiency  Equipment is kept in god order  For a small town hospital XXXXXXX deserve a lot of credit
Still in hospital.  Bone cancer stage 4 waiting for LTC.
Stroke
Such a fantastic experience because of the amazing staff! I have spoken very highly to family and friends about my experience at XXX and the care received  Thank you
Survey answered for my toddler son  He is unable to describe pain/symptoms etc  Questions re urgency took into account a toddler's perspective - ability to cope with condition
Terrible experience.  Hospital should be closed.
Terrible.  You don't leave someone in level 10 pain for 5 hours before being seen and given medication. Period!  XXXX.
Thank you
Thank you all
Thank you for all the care to my baby, husband & self
Thank you for the wonderful stay.  I was very well taken care of.  And it was great to have free parking.
Thank you for your service  Good health to all and stay safe.
Thank you ladies!  You even did my laundry
Thank you to all the staff!
Thank you to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX staff and XXXXXXXXXXXXX midwives, my first child birth experience was better than I hope for  I felt well taken care of and confident in their expertise.  I hope to return for my future deliveries (God willing)  Thank you
Thank you very much  I know how busy your staff is and has been this past year.
Thank you XXXXX in the ultrasound department for her compassion and kindness.
Thank you!
Thank you!  Doing a great service for this community!
Thank you!!!
Thankfully I was admitted into the last surplus room in XXXXXXX.  Although there wsa no private washroom nor call button, we had a fabulous experience.  The staff took care of us to make sure we had everything we needed to ensure my comfort & health.  I thank the wonderful staff for their professionalism.
Thanks for looking after me so well!  XXXXXXXXX
The 3 doctors who treated me during my time at hospital were all excellent.  Nursing care was great ... "XXXX" was exemplary - kind, caring + so dedicated + sincere.
The attending doctor in emergency was extremely thorough. It was her care that uncovered a serious medical condition.
The attending doctor was superb.  She telephoned me later in the evening to inform me I had a follow up with a specialist for my broken finger and that the specialist office would contact me.  Excellent care.
The bed my husband slept in was really bad uncomfortable and smelly
The BEST nurse we had was XXXX, she made our hospital stay a really great experience & she gave us the best information & care.  She is a wonderful nurse & I hope the hospital recognized her hard work.
The best team
The big light above the beds  There should be something done about it  I was up all night 2 night in a row  I accepted it because I felt so sorry for my neighbor
The care at the Emergency Department was very good. I was very drowsy when I went in - so my recollection of the events is somewhat hazy. I tried to answer the questions as best as I could considering the circumstances. For some of the options I wish there was a 'Don't know' option. For example - I am not completely sure that they took my blood sample - I know that I got some needles - but can't recall if one was for the purpose of taking a sample.
The care is usually prompt and courteous.  The emergency department is 5 min from our home and very convenient.
The care received at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was exceptional.  I would recommend bus hospital to anyone!  The staff were all caring and knowledgeable.  My doctor, Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX was amazing!  His expertise was evident throughout my labour and delivery.
The care received for what I originally considered a health issue I deemed to be relatively trivial (which turned out to be more serious than I thought) was outstanding.  Explanations, courtesy, respect and absolute care for my well being was evident throughout the visit.  Furthermore, my regular doctor followed up the next day based on recommendations from the emergency doctor, and recent results from tests based on both the emergency and follow up visits have cleared up any issues.  I cannot say enough about how lucky we are to live in a community that can rely on the care we receive.
The care received from nurses was exemplary!  I felt they went beyond any expectations I had to assist in the after care of my baby when I needed help I had every confidence in their knowledge & skills
The care was excellent, the staff was caring, if given a choice of hospitals to have to be in...  It would be XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  They are amazing!!!
The delivery doctor Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was beyond exceptional  Best OB we have EVER had!  When we went for the circumcision, we had Dr. XXXXXXXXX at the hospital.  She was very rude & over an hour late for the appointment  Dr. XXXXXXXXX is not considerate of the patient's time and treated us in the worst possible manner.  I would happily put in a formal complaint about her.  We had one extreme to the next.
The doctor & nurse who helped me were phenomenal -  I thought I was having a miscarriage instead I had kidney stones.  They got me in immediately - we had an ultrasound to ensure my baby was safe  Couldn't be more pleased
The doctor & staff work in my best health interests.  I wish to thank them all.
The doctor had strong perfume, wasn't very pleasant while going through labor  I was provided an overwhelming amount of brochures, would prefer to have someone go through the information with me
The doctor on call was terrible  I had the worst ear infection  The doctor in XXXXXXXXXXXXX ever saw.  Ruptured ear drum + neurosis setting in.  XXXXXXX doctor did nothing but hit my ear asking if it hurt.  TERRIBLE DOCTOR!
The doctor said that my food would be examined by a vascular specialist in XXXXXX and he would make arrangements for them to call me this did not happen
The doctor was horrible.
The doctor was somewhat ignorant of my visit which made me uncomfortable.
The doctors
The doctors and nurses of the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX maternity ward were amazing!  The care I received before and after giving birth to my daughter was outstanding  Thank you
The doctors and nurses were amazing.  I went to this hospital because I felt I would receive much better care than I would at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX hospital  And I was right  The doctor even called me at home to see how I was doing!
The dr visible to me, spent 20 mins kibitzing with the nurses before he came in to sew me up
The emerg room was very cold and for the amount of time I spent in there with how busy it was (there was only 3 patients) I was not checked on enough.
The emergency doctor told me to take a over the counter med that was out of circulation because of cancer causing concerns.
The ER visit was for my X year old son. Dr. XXXXXXX was excellent - he reassured me that I was not overreacting.
The experience was great  doctor and staff were very friendly and helpful  For sure, I will visit this emergency facility if I ever needed that
The female nurse working was terrible. She was very rude. I told her that I cannot take aspirin due to low platelets (I have I.T.P.) and she blew me off. She said well that's not an allergy so I am not listing it. She should have listed it because if I take aspirin or Advil, I could potentially bleed to death. She is the first person to dismiss my condition. She also seemed irritated that I didn't go to my family doctor first. She asked if I went to see my family doctor first and I said no. She stopped what she was doing, looked at me and said why would you come here before going to see your family doctor?, but she asked in a way that was very judgmental. I suppose I had every right to go considering I was diagnosed with pneumonia. I advise people to not go to XXXXXXX based on this common attitude among female nurses. The only positive experience I have had with a nurse is a male nurse.
The follow up care should have had more nutrition based recommendations and education.  XXXXXXX doesn't drink water only pop, for example, and no one really asked or discovered that till later.
The following nurses (XXXX, XXXXX, XXXXX and XXXXXX) were such a blessing, tending to myself and my baby around the clock. I definitely could not have gone through this experience without them! Also, Dr. XXXXXX was so professional, knowledgeable, open, calm and honest from the beginning to the end. Having him as my doctor was amazing, as I never worried for myself or my baby's health. Finally, I would definitely recommend this hospital as I always felt tended to and taken care of. The staff make our health their number one priority and they do it with such warmth. Thank you!
The food
The food could use improvement!  - As a small rural hospital it is unfortunate some services are not available on the weekend (lab) and we had to come back for it
The food I was served at the hospital was great. I enjoyed every me. It was similar to being in a fine restaurant. I would say the food was as good or better than the food served at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I was totally satisfied with it. On my first night I got hungry around midnight;the nurse brought me a roast beef sandwich that was perfect. On another night I received half an egg salad sandwich - Tasted great. The staff that brought the food were friendly and professional acting. Thank you to all the people in food preparation - You did a great job. My nurse XXXXX was helpful and her direction on my checkout was very good. She did a fantastic job.
The food is kind of bland
The food is terrible more fresh fruit & veg more flavor to the food.
The food staff could of been a little nicer and say hello or how are you instead of walking in and out fast and telling my boyfriend to do something with the food tray and not mixing up mine and another girl who is gluten free.  Made me feel awkward and not (unreadable)
The food was absolutely terrible and on several occasions/meals the nurses forgot to provide the options which left me with foods I did not like or were allergic to, so I did not eat - just went to the vending machine when this happened.  This was an incredibly disappointing experience compared to my first born at a different hospital.  Asking for help from nurses seemed like I was being a nuisance
The food was amazing!  The kitchen staff are great  One thing I'd change is having one nurse per shift check on you.  I found there was always someone new.  A little confusing if they knew everything going on with you.
The food was great!!
The food was poor  However the nurses provide alternatives snacks -
The hospital bed was very uncomfortable.  Extremely bad!!!
The hospital staff is amazing.  We did notice they are quite busy and seems they could use more staff and rooms.  Labour and delivery seems to have become the popular spot for XXX.  Even saying that we had everything we needed and we were always cared for.
The hospital was so clean and Dr. XXXXX and nursing staff were absolutely incredible  They all made giving birth during a pandemic an amazing experience.  They all went above and beyond.
The hospital was very clean  The staff friendly + helpful  The food was good.
The housekeeping staff was unprofessional as she spoke about other patients and discussed her opinions about Covid 19, which were negative.  She also spoke about how overworked she was.  We did not receive any housekeeping services until Day 3 of our stay (did not see a housekeeper at all until Day 4 and 5).  Our room floor was never swept or mopped during our stay - our room was close to the nursing station therefore were could hear conversations day and night (keeping us awake) as well as could clearly hear nurses discussing patients on the phone to the doctor, including discussions about myself and baby.  We could also overhear report being given during shift changes.  Dietary staff were very friendly and accommodating!  Nurses were excellent to provide snacks during off kitchen hours.  Big meal of the day was served at lunch therefore we were usually very hungry in the evenings due to small supper portions.  Most hospital staff we encountered were pleasant, friendly, understanding, helpful, caring and kind.
The info given by EM dr for booked colonoscopy was wrong  No orders given to nursing staff in hospital  Medication dose prior to colonoscopy was wrong, fortunately corrected by night nurse.  Shower promised - did not happen  Most if not all of personal hygiene care given by wife  A letter of complaint has been sent to hospital
The maternity ward staff are amazing, positive, and the most helpful and caring I've ever seen.  We are lucky to have them!
The medical staff were excellent.  In particular the medical doctor spoke so clearly, assuredly to me, that I often reflect on what she said - a great source of encouragement.
The new triage system is too time consuming when care is needed.
The night I went to the XXX ER there were numerous higher priority cases that came in and I knew I wouldn't be seen for many hours  I stayed for 3 hours + left  I went to a XX clinic the following day  I am post chemo and was concerned about an infection I had  Having an NP on staff in the ER to manage the lower priority cases would be an efficient way to manage the workload.
The night time nurses were much more attentive/kind than day time shifts  Sat around for 3 hours waiting for my family dr to come only to finally be asked why were still there by the daytime nurse the msg was never relayed that he wasn't coming
The nurse in the L&D (XXXX & one who assisted my spouse were amazing!  I never want to deliver anywhere but XXXXXXX  I was happy to go home but I was sad to be leaving.  XXXX truly changed my experience and helped me more then she will ever know
The nurse was initially very rude because I previously visited a different Emergency Department about the same issue a few weeks prior - and said I should have gone back there.  But I knew XXXXXXX would be faster and I was on the verge of passing out, and it wasn't surrounded with multiple covid patients.  I did not appreciate the interrogation when I was in such a vulnerable state already.   Aside from that, the experience was great.
The nurse was very curt and not very friendly  The doctor was absolutely lovely and extremely kind
The nurse was very short with me when I was in real pain.  She told me I should take the med I was given even as I told her they made me even worse.
The nurse who took care of me for the most time became a friend.
The nurses & doctors were very good at triaging patients & were always courteous to the patients in the emergency room
The nurses & medical staff were outstanding!!
The nurses and doctors got a bad 'review' in my answers, because I never got past the triage. I had called my doctor for a prescription refill for something I did not expect to need, but my asthma-like cough (which I only get occasionally) had returned, and I was leaving on a trip at 6:00 the next morning. My doctor was off, so I was advised by staff at the Health Clinic to go to emergency. While being triaged I explained this clearly (as clearly as I could through coughing) to the nurse. I was sent back to the waiting room and after 4 1/2 hours, I left. I realize that the emergency department isn't there to just refill prescriptions, but I had explained the unusual (for me) circumstances. All I needed was 5 minutes with a doctor. I also understand how triage works, but at least 4 people who came in after me (all of them coughing) were called in before me. I felt that I was put at the end of the list because I 'should have thought to get a refill sooner.' Fair enough...except the cough had only started on XXXXXXXX; I thought I'd be able to get in touch with my doctor on XXXXXX. All of which I explained. Please understand that aside from this I love and support our hospital!
The nurses and doctors in the labour and delivery unit are truly outstanding  We cannot thank each and every one of them enough
The nurses and doctors in the labour/delivery unit were all very compassionate, supportive and caring  They took the time to make connections and ensure the wellbeing of parents + baby were met daily
The nurses and doctors made giving birth during a pandemic as amazing as it could possible be given the circumstances. Although my partner was not able to be in the room during the c-section, the nurse video called him so he could be virtually present. She also took pictures of my first moment seeing my baby, which I will forever be thankful for. Dr. XXXXXX was incredible. She was calm and reassuring during the whole delivery. She took the time to explain how I was progressing and the steps that were needed to be taken to safely deliver my baby. The whole staff was amazing, but a special thank you goes to XXXX. She made the night time so much easier and calmer. Thank you.
The nurses and most dr's are great!  But sitting there for "hours" when there was only 1 person before is very upsetting!  I usually go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXX it quicker!!
The nurses and staff were wonderful to both myself, my spouse, and my new baby while staying there.
The nurses at AGH are amazing!  Specifically XXXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX they were all so kind, caring and helpful we were so happy with the nurses and our stay!
The nurses at the hospital were amazing! Couldn't ask for better! So thankful for them!
The nurses at this hospital were absolutely amazing.  The doctors were also incredible.  I however received terrible care from Dr. XXXXX.  He failed to come and tell me I had preeclampsia & had a nurse communicate this to me  When he finally came to see me (4 days after delivery), he was incredibly rude.  I fear delivering at this hospital in the future in case he is the doctor on call  If it were not for the other doctors & nurses, I would have had a terrible experience I have never felt so disrespected by a health professional in my life
The nurses at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX are truly amazing so grateful that I had their care XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is exemplary.
The nurses in Obstetrics were all fantastic  I could not imagine a better child birth experience & I am beyond grateful for that  Thank you!!
The nurses in Obstetrics were especially awesome. They looked like they enjoyed working at this hospital, and it showed in the care they gave. This hospital stay was terrific.
The nurses in the labour and delivery were exceptional.  They were very helpful with my concerns and patient about breastfeeding.  The only experience that was less than exceptional was after my stay when I took my son (2 weeks old) into the ER as his plastibell ring from the circumcision feel off and the skin had not yet been effected (we knew this might not be normal).  We were advised to came in to ER to have it looked at by the labour nurse when we called  However, when the doctor working the emerg taht night looked at our son, he said that it didn't look infected etc and that "I don't really care" as far as he was concerned as he is an ER doctor  We were frankly shocked that a doctor would say this, given our son's age and us being new parents who were advised or at least reassured we could follow up or have it looked at by someone more knowledgeable about the procedure before bringing him in to come to ER to be safe other than this doctor, Dr. XXXXXXX was exceptional, kind, and compassionate towards our son when we finally saw him with our concerns to the next time we brought him in regarding the circ  Despite this one bad experience with the ER doctor, XXXXXXX has been the best hospital I have ever been to and the service and care was m ore than I could have hoped for  Thank you.
The nurses in the OB department were beyond outstanding.  Some of the best healthcare I've ever received  Recommending highly to my friends and family expecting babies
The nurses need more help but I was well taken care of X
The nurses staff were outstanding as was the doctor on duty at the time of my release.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The nurses went above and beyond!  They were excellent helping and even keeping me company during the night when my baby wasn't sleeping.  Dr. XXXXX did an amazing job on my c-section.  I barely have a scar, and healed quickly.
The nurses were absolutely amazing.
The nurses were amazing!  Such good care by nurses XXXXX, XXXXXXX, XXXXXXX and XXXX
The nurses were exceptional!
The nurses were fantastic!
The nurses were fantastic! They all taught me something different about breastfeeding which was so helpful  Taking my baby during the night so I could sleep, showing us how to change a diaper & swaddle we wouldn't have survived without them  Plus yummy good
The nurses were incredibly friendly, helpful, and just amazing in every way!  They were comforting when I was worried and amazing with my baby.  I had a great experience.
The nurses were outstanding there seemed to have been a bit of disconnect amongst the doctors too many involved between ER & GP I felt like there was too much work for the amount of staff  The food was horrible
The nurses were spectacular  I recommend this hospital to everyone  PLEASE GIVE THEM a pat on the back and a raise!!!
The nurses were wonderful and supportive - the drs were friendly but scarce (re short visits).  The care offered to my baby (while there and after) was excellent; there was no info given to me about C section recovery ... only to watch scar for infection.
The nurses were wonderful and were always trying to do their best at all times  Sometimes there were just not enough nurses - they were running around trying to get to everyone who needed them the most
The nurses were wonderful, I was with midwives, but they were very helpful!
The nursing staff + doctors in the OB dept are excellent.  They go out of their way to care for you + your baby + are professional, friendly + compassionate.  Excellent team + hospital.
The nursing staff were amazing and if I ever have to stay in a hospital again I would want it to be there.
The obstetrics unit at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX provided excellent care.  The nurses and doctors helped me through a difficult labour - their guidance, reassurance and knowledge created an amazing experience for my husband and I to welcome - our daughter into this world!  Thank you
The one thing that would further the experience would be receiving a form/info with baby information ie. blood type, weight, height, discharge weight didn't receive that.
The only area I felt was lacking was triage when I arrived at window, gave health card asked if I had fever then told to sit down to be called back for more assessment. It was 503 and wasn't asked or assessed for such for an hour I eventually went back and waited quite a long time just to be seen and then told the nurse I was becoming more sob. I was then properly assessed. I am a nurse and am familiar with triaging patients. Everything else was good but I feel triage needs to be reevaluated thanks.
The only drinking water, free + readily available in the washroom - unsafe to drink because of unsanitary location.  There should be a water filling station in the waiting room instead of bottled water and soft drinks.
The only negative, was the food  Most of it was awful
The only reason the hospital did not get a 10 is the food.  It was horrible.
The only thing about my hospital stay is that I was given plavix here and had to wait for 5 extra days for my bypass surgery at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I feel there needs to be better coordination of information between staff at these hospitals.
The only thing I didn't like is that the doctor didn't come see me after the surgery!  The nurses just said it went well.
The only thing that could have improved my stay would be more chairs easily accessible to use when guests came to visit.
The overall visit was extremely satisfactory!
The people at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were terrific to me  XXXXX, the hospital director, arranged for me to become a patient at XXXX  He didn't have to do that and it has made my life so much better.
The people at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX are the best!
The people in the cafeteria deserve a lot of credit - the food was excellent and appropriate to my condition.
The people were very kind
The professional staff working are always just that - professional.  I do not need a hug from my doctors or nurses.  I require competent and comprehensive care.  I hear others  commenting on staff smiling enough or sitting down with them.  Does that effect my outcome?  No!  Infuriating to know others in my community prefer pretty experiences to excellent clinical care.  The emergency room is cluttered and I have often wondered how things are property cleaned.  The arms on the chairs are split.  You can feel rips in the mattresses on the beds.  I am doubtful special cleaners can properly penetrate those cracks.  There is paper clutter about.  How do surfaces get sanitized with so much stuff everywhere?  Garbage cans are very small and overflowing.  I am never doubtful about the staff from the door greeter to the secretary taking my address to the nurses and doctors but I often wonder about the germs. When I got my flu shot someone wiped the chair before & after I sat down and as I was standing to leave.  No wiping in the ER waiting room.  How do you know if the chair has been cleaned? I asked the secretary and she said the housekeeper tries to a couple times a day!  In covid?  Unacceptable!
The purpose of visit - a kidney stone which was eventually passed the someday.
The service and care at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is exemplary I know that if I go there I will have great care, fast & efficient.
The staff & doctor who spoke with & or treated me were extraordinary!  I was concerned that my visit might be considered silly but was reassured I had made the right decision to come to the emerg dept.  I tried to visit my doctor at a clinic prior to my choice to attend emergency dept  Was unable to get into my doctors or a clinic (closed due to doctor shortage!)
The staff all were pleasant & helpful
The staff and the services at the Almonte Hospital are excellent. It is what Health Care should be.
The staff are warm and courteous.  Even in emerg I did not have to wait very long to see a doctor  XXX is always my first choice if I or my family need emergency care and/or hospital admission.
The staff at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX have always been great. My only complaint is that there is no CT Scan at this hospital and therefore for my kidney stone all they could do was an ultrasound which had to be done the next day as they don't do them at night where as in the larger hospitals a CT Scan would have been done that evening. Instead, my urologist ended up having to order a CT Scan a week later which was done at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. A CT Scan in my opinion is greatly needed at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
The staff is amazing.  Everyone we interacted with was professional, knowledgeable and kind.  I couldn't have asked for a better experience.
The staff was amazing and very helpful & knowledgeable I had a great experience.
The staff was extremely kind, patient & professional.  The hospital was clean, quiet & safe.  I highly enjoyed my experience.  10/10
The staff was very good at their job  Regards to the kitchen very delicious food.  Thank you XXX.
The staff was very well organized ahead of my transfer. I was quite happy to have a consult with the dietician within an hour of being admitted to the hospital. I thought the dietician in the hospital kitchen staff went out of their way to ensure that I had adequate food and drink for my entire extended stay which was a much different experience from my stay in the city Hospital I'm looking forward To recovering from my next surgery here as well
The staff were very friendly, knowledgeable, and professional.  A very great experience I've already recommended it to friends who are pregnant.
The temperature in room was uncomfortably warm and was not resolved during my stay it possibly was affecting body temp of my newborn and was the reason we stayed an additional night.  The doctors and nurses were fantastic and made the experience a positive one.  The visit from public health was lengthy and ill-timed.  Would have preferred a paper survey and shorter visit.  Her info about support post partum was useful.  Dietary staff were prompt and very friendly but the food was mediocre.
The visit was efficient & effective  Polite and courteous
The wait time was very long considering the amount of people (which was not a lot of people)
The wait was outrageous ... there were only 3 people ahead of us and we waited for almost 5 hours.  Children shouldn't be expected to sit waiting for care that long.  It's unacceptable.
The woman at admissions was truly wonderful and welcoming, comforting and calming.  XXXXXXXXXXXX was her name.  Her attitude truly helped.
The x-ray technician was not available until 8 AM  I had to wait 2 hours for that person to arrive and then transferred to another hospital for surgery while wait was over 6 hrs - no one asked if I needed the bathroom!
The XXXXXXX hospital is fantastic and I recommend it to all my family members.
The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a real blessing to our community.  The staff (all of them) are fried with compassion, patience and medical expertise.  The meals are made on site and are delicious.  Keep up the good work.  You deserve the highest accreditation.
The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was exceptional from doctors, nurses, support staff + food prep and delivery.  Other hospital transports were explained + executed as explained.
The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the best, the staff are so nice, the food is like what your mother would make, if I was ever sick again I would go straight to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX over the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is very good and doctors nurses and others.  When you go in emergency department they take care of you.
Their great
There are only 2 OB's at the hospital.  They take on to many patient's appointments sometimes took 15 hrs (waiting) I had to leave sometimes without being seen (no care) thankfully this was not my first pregnancy, or I would have changed OB's and delivered else where
There has been a big improvement in the last 2 years as far as the food goes.  They could give bigger portions.
There is not enough communication with the patient while she is sitting in an examination room I believe nurses should update the patient while he/she is waiting to see the doctor eg how much longer will the doctor be?  How are you doing?  Etc.
There was a moment a baby doctor came in the hospital to check on my baby.  I couldn't see a name tag.  I was also coming off surgery meds and she looked like a stranger coming to take my baby.
There was a sitcom playing on the TV that was probably about 10 years old but quite offensive  The nurses were unaware but some care should be put towards what content is being displayed (stereotypes, homophobia, etc)
There was no one else in the waiting room + I had to wait 1 1/2 hrs to be seen.  One of the nurses was "snippy" with me - the other was great.
There was one night where a nurse helped my roommate with her poo bag.  There was poop left on the seat that the nurse left smell was gross!  Eventually I cleaned the mess myself as the other nurse who went in to the bathroom left it as well I was drugged & in pain attempting to clean someone else's poop  Other than that everything else was great  The nurses involved did not look after but my roommate.
There was only 1-2 people in the waiting room during the time frame that I was there
They are always wonderful understandable precautions with COVID & I felt safe I was immediately brought to room as pneumonia symptoms present like COVID
They did a great job  Would recommend them & would go there again if needed  Hope there is no need though!  Thank you!
They did not have booster seat for the toilet & because of placement of stitches, it was very difficult to use, seating was also inadequate (too low).  Need for booster seat or much higher commode, & higher level seating.
They do a wonderful way of teaching.  The best they can for a small hospital.
They need better patient showers
They need warm blankets! They only give you heated sheets. I was constantly extremely cold - I'm very thin and I froze all night
They treated me like a king.  Head nurse XXXX was excellent she was the only one who knew how to administer a painless needle.
They were awesome
This department is very good and necessary
This hospital is excellent.  Care was the same!
This hospital is fantastic  The staff are amazing  The food is good  The coffee needs improvement
This hospital is one of the best always treated respectfully  My doctor and the staff are wonderful would like to see them be able to do more medical procedures there
This hospital was amazing.  We will definitely return in future for our second child nurses were great, OB was amazing, hospital rooms are clean and private what a bonus.  I was well taken care for as well as my baby and all the tests they ran in order to make sure she was healthy before going home I enjoyed my stay very friendly place to be for delivery and afterbirth.  I recommend the XXXXXXX to any person who asks me.  Thank you.
This is a very good hospital.  My doctor is in the city, but I feel very safe going to XXX when I need quick attention.  And my diagnosis is passed on to my GP in XXXXXX!  A++!
This is for one particular hospital which is in XXXXXXXXXXX.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (in XXXXXX) and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were not so good so hospital location plays a huge part  The hospital staff and people in XXXXXXX were amazing.  The only thing I felt was not on par was the wait between registration and time it took to be see by nurse then doctor.
This survey is done for my wife who has Alzheimer's and came to Emerg from XXXXXXXXXXXXXX with charge nurse and paperwork  Hope this helps
This visit was a real emergency - I was stabilized and sent by ambulance to the ICU in XXXXXX.  XXXXXXX emerg saved my life!
This visit was all positive, however a follow up visit XXXXXXXX was very different.  A 2 1/2 hr. wait, confusing diagnosis (contradicting earlier) and none of staff were particularly kind, friendly
This visit was for my son who's doctor thought he had fractured his thumb.  Ask us to go get an xray, doctor was unclear if what they saw was a fracture.  Rescheduled a re - xray the following week  Two days later, no pain in thumb, returned to my own doctor, thumb was totally fine wasted my time going to hospital
This visit was for my XXXXXXX old daughter and it was our first time having to take her to the emergency department so we were fairly nervous. The hospital staff were so helpful and knowledgeable, we were totally at ease during/after their care.
This visit was quick, professional during Covid-19.  Sad - no results to indicate why blood or urine as of yet, but have reference for specialist to be look after.  Understand long wait time, as everything was "shut" down during this time during Covid 19
This visit was to pre-mpt a stay at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX where evaluation is ongoing.
This was a short visit after a MVA - and I had to be checked for possible neck injury.  For the type of visit I feel I received excellent care.
This was my first visit to a small town hospital for emergency care and I couldn't have been more impressed. The atmosphere was calm and respectful, efficient but paced. I may have just timed my visit to arrive when the department wasn't busy, but I got the impression that even if busy, things would have been managed well. I particularly appreciated the time that both the nurse and the physician took to explain to me what to expect.
This was my first visit to XXX  My only "complaint" in relation to this night is the wait time that I experienced before being seen, as it was > 3 hours  That said, I had a relatively minor injury and apparently, it was an unusually busy night @ Emerg.
This was my second birth.  I was in and at after 3 hours post birth.  Doctor and nurses were very nice but we deal mostly with the midwives who were also excellent.
This was my second labour and delivery experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and both of my experiences were excellent. The nurses are attentive and respectful and very good at their jobs. My daughter was coming quickly and the doctor on call wasn't able to make it in time. Though they were able to snag a midwife who was on the floor for another patient, I had complete confidence in their ability to care for me and deliver my baby if it came to that. Everyone was respectful of my choice to refrain from an epidural and offered alternatives but didn't push the issue. My experience at XXXXXXX was incredibly positive and I highly encourage friends and family to deliver there. I can't recommend it enough.
This was our second baby @ XXX.  I felt like the night staff we had kind of forgot about us.  We ask for the baby to have a bath which never happened  It also took 8+ h to discharge us as the day staff didn't tell the night staff that our dr's had discharged us  We had to ask to go home  Compared to our 1st child's birth/hospital experience this was not as welcoming!
This was our second time delivering @ XXX + we were again very happy with our care
To say this hospital is amazing is an understatement  All staff are so caring and compassionate.  Even though nurses were EXTREMELY busy, I always felt well cared for and never rushed or like I was an inconvenience  God bless the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX!
Too long in emergency 8 hrs
Too many check in points.  Reception - triage - reception  Too much
Transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for surgery.
Translated from French - XXXXXXX emergency svs are excellent
Turn off volume on TV in waiting room.
Two emergency visit in past year for different reasons.  Care was always exemplary.
Two ticks were necessary as the visits were from different problems. eg. broken ribs or tick bites
Upon arriving on my husband's admission, I was asked by a nurse to answer some questions, in the lounge.  Following that, we went to my husband's room and my daughter + I asked some questions such as how often he would be bathed, get help for eating + was told in an abrupt way that they will get fed later with re-heated food + get pericare + have no time for showers.  She referred to him + others in the room as only ALC patients + they came after MED patients.  We were also told he couldn't wear his own clothes, only hospital gowns which was corrected by another nurse next day.  It was terrible admissions experience, but the balance of the 3 weeks were very good.
Used the emerg dept as it was after hours for regular clinic and were traveling out of town the next day.  Excellent service dr was excellent with my daughter.
Very busy in the morning and fortunately only "one" morning I was left on the bed pan for one hour and ten minutes with my bell ringing my nurse was so busy.  Extra help for nurses in AM would be wonderful
Very caring and knowledgeable staff  Very happy with my decision to have my baby in XXXXXXX.
Very clean  Staff are friendly & efficient
Very competent
Very competent staff, very caring.  Tried to take time needed in a very busy ER
Very fast!
Very fast.
Very friendly and easy to understand.
Very good care from nurses & staff.  Dr. XXXXXX was excellent
Very good care. Respectful, understanding nurses and dr.  Helpful from nurses for going for walk help with the craving of cig. etc.
Very good, I love XXX the staff have always been amazing I only wish I could have been given the opportunity for induction vs c section based on OB GYN's opinions
Very grateful to the surgeons and staff at XXXXXXX.  Excellent treatment medically & supportive after care.
Very kind and passionate nurses and a clean work environment
Very nice quiet hospital, perfect for many emergencies
Very pleased with staff and care.
Very pleased with the care I received and the information I was given about my medical condition.
Very poor WiFi food was very good
Very prompt professional care.
Very prompt service - professional + friendly.
Very satisfied will send all my friend there.
Very satisfied with my first experience at the XXXXXXX ED. I would not hesitate returning if I need emergency care in the future.
Very supportive and helpful.  We have take my elderly mom and our children before and it is always such a great experience.  Everyone is wonderful.
Visit related to possible stroke.  Dr. XXXXX diagnosed and referred me to a neurologist at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX he arranged for a neurologist to meet me at XXXXX.  Excellent care.  Very impressed!
Visit was for my infant (XXXXXXX) old son.  Other doctor visits have been for regular apts in first year (vaccines etc.).  Care for him was excellent even in my experiences first time parent state!
Visit went well.  Would have liked to see more cleaning happening in the waiting room especially with covid
Wait before triage/admittance was too long considering there were no other patients ahead of me.  I was very ill.  Admitting clerk made me stand even though I was in for a lower leg injury (cellulitis).  Care once admitted was excellent.  Nurse and doctor were world class.
Wait times were very shot  It was 0930 AM on a XXXXXX AM.  Only 1 or 2 other patients were there.
Waited 6 hours with a small child with a fever to be seen by a doctor that spent 2 min listening to chest, check ears & throat we should have been in and out.
Waited for over 3 hours to get care while I was severely dehydrated and could barely sit up in a chair while watching people around me sitting in the waiting area like they were there for their annual check up.
Waiting 3 1/2 hours to see an MD is unacceptable.  Excellent care but wait time makes me avoid the hospital now.
Waiting room was practically empty due to Covid 19.  My wait appeared to be long (1 hour) because I entered at dinner time.
Waiting testing results were the only reason the dr. could not advice me more accurately as to what was wrong.  Question 24.  XXXXXXX is the best emergent hospital I tell everyone to go there.  Real people
Waiting time in Emerg. is to long.
Was a fantastic experience.  Room was very hot (temperature).  One nurse was below par as she spent time complaining rather than nursing.  Nurse XXXX was by far the bets and deserves recognition.  Would pick this hospital every time Dr. XXXXXX was amazing!
Was admitted to medical/surgical same day transferred to 2nd floor same hospital (XXX)  My doctor updated on my condition and admitted  On going medical issues  Excellent care always!!
Was given 2 different discharge times. I'm insulin dependent diabetic - was going to discharge me without meal at mealtime - was not given my other medications, kept in hospital safe keeping when discharged necessitating 2nd trip to hospital to pick up. Was advised to attend appointment for CT scan at different hospital 60 kms away - when I checked in, I was told hospital that arranged for CT scan had cancelled it & not told me  They also booked another test for me at another hospital and never advised me of this either  So I had to wait 5 hours for CT scan when there was an available appt.
Was not impressed  We ended up leaving. My daughter was brought by a friend because she took an allergic reaction and her face was quite swollen. We waited 15 hrs and left  Too long for her condition. The receptionist even stated she was not sure why it took so long
Was seen promptly.  The problem was in how long it took to have the x-ray read in what did not seem to be a "busy hospital" - over 2 hours!!
Was transferred from XXX at midnight after 30 hours of non-active labour.  Even though I wanted to solely Bf - I wish I was offered formula top - off as supply was very low and lost too much weight.  Staff should have offered as we did not know how much weight loss was appropriate.
Was treated very well.
Washroom/ common shower cold use a renovation  Staff + overall experience was fabulous especially the nursing care  Thank you
Wasn't able to see doctor because he was dealing with an extreme emergency but I am still able to get excellent care from the nurses + doctor who care for me well
We ae very fortunate to have this hospital in our community  Great staff & care close to home
We are extremely fortunate to have the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
We are lucky to have the place + the people when in need
We are so very lucky to have this hospital facility in our community  Keep up the good work!!
We are very fortunate to have our XXXXXXX Emergency.
We are very fortunate to have the hospital we have here and the Doctors
We could not be happier with the level of care we received at XXX. We are thankful for the quality of care, from house keeping to nursing staff to doctors, everyone was very professional, kind and caring. Since this was our first child, we were not sure what to expect. The staff walked us through labor, delivery and postpartum, always offering advice, tips and taking time to answer our questions. Thank you, XXX.
We drive from XXXXXX to get great care from the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX! Keep up the great work!  Nothing but love for the staff there
We enjoy our visits to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  We appreciate the personal care + attention we're given  We like the quiet, calm environment
We had a fantastic experience and hope to be back for our next child.
We had a less than satisfactory experience.  All the doctors that we worked with were amazing but the nursing staff were terrible.  We were the only people admitted on the unit when we had our son.  Our first child no idea what to expect.  Being the only patient on the floor you would think we would be taken good care of however we barely saw any nurses the first day and a half.  We had to ask for our newborn to be bathed when he was X days old.  The drs cleared us to leave, we wanted to go then the nurses told us we couldn't because there were all these tests and blood work that had to be done on our son before we could go.  No one told us about these tests.  We asked for them to be done so we could go home and then they were unable to do them because the ward then started to fill up and they got busy.  We asked why none of these tests had been done while we were the only people on the floor and the nurses had time.  Especially when we saw them sitting having tea and playing on their phones.  The nurses then got rude with us and scolded us for having to many visitors.  We only had a few and if the nurses had come in and said we have tests to run it would not have been a problem.  They were extremely rude to my husband on several occasions when he asked them a question or to assist with something even though they had nothing going on.  We had to stay in hospital an extra night after drs cleared us due to waiting on tests, etc.  Because we were told at that point we were not a priority because others had come in and we were in labour and birthing.  Apparently we were never a priority to them.  When the nurse removed my dressing from my C section she was in a bad mood and very aggressive and ripped it off so much so it took skin off with it.  I am left with a scar 2 months postpartum.  When we have our second child we will not be coming to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX we will be going to XXXXXXXXXXXX.  Thank you.
We had gone to a hospital in XX, the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX first b/c we were there the night my son needed stitches in his head  After 8 hrs and no care and many other babies/children who needed care - we decided to leave XX and drive home  We arrived in XXXXXXX @ 4:30 am and got help  Dr. XXXXXXX is so sweet!  We were so very grateful to get our son's forehead stitched up and he was the best doctor  Phew!  My son's head was deeply cut.  Deciding to leave XX was hard.  It was a big gamble to leave and I am so so happy the hospital gave us such amazing service in XXXXXX.
We had the best experience at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  We could not have asked for a better care/staff/overall place to have our first baby.  Thank you so much.
We have a wonderful hospital to be proud of.
We have lived in the XXXXXXX area for over 30 yrs and consider ourselves very lucky to have Dr XXXXXXXXX & this hospital to look after all our needs!
We left before being seen because we were told it would be 4 hours before being seen  I was there alone with my X month old and injured X yr old and couldn't handle them in a crowded waiting room without help for 4 hours  We unfortunately had to solve the problem without help
We love the care we get at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  We just hate the wait times
We love the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX!!!
We loved the hospital and the staff everyone was so very helpful and empathetic we will recommend the hospital.
We should all be very proud of our hospital.  It is clean, staff are efficient, professional, helpful and no matter who you are the level of care is the same.  You can see that they care about the patients.  Thank you for operating such an efficient and well run hospital.
We truly enjoyed & appreciated all the guidance we received.  XXXXXXXXXXXXX & XXXXXX were fantastic & I would trust my care with them always  Very patient, knowledgeable & kind!  Thank you!
We were asked to return for repeat xrays.  X ray tech was quite rude and while we were waiting said "she's just a stay at home mom with nothing better to do" to her colleagues as she didn't want to complete xray.  I said nothing at the time as I didn't want my daughter's care impacted  In the end the diagnosis was incorrect, and my daughter had a fracture that was left untreated until we got the referral appointment 2 weeks later
We were put in activity room which was loud because of adjoining unt. was told we might get a roommate.  We have hospital coverage therefore I would have been upset if we had a roommate and someone without coverage had a private room
We were so happy and blessed by the staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  Our baby was born very quickly about 3hrs so there was no time for pain management but the whole process wasn't as painful as I thought it would be.
We were very disappointed that the hospital (nurses & lab technician) insisted that we were not present for any testing/procedures on the baby.  We also declined to have the baby bathed while in hospital, but were repeatedly encouraged to do so with no indication for it.
We were very happy with the care received.  Thank you!
We would like to highly appreciate and would like to thanks to all the doctors.  Nurses and other staff for the best care and support which means a lot for us  We will be always grateful on the hospital team - regards - XXXXXXXXXXXX (unreadable)
We would like to thank everyone at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, you guys made our experience amazing! Love/from: (XXXXXXX) XXXX, XXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Well done!
Well taken care of.
Well taken care of.  Felt good about all who I came in contact with were all professionals.
Went for a CT scan test only.  The technician was very friendly and explained the procedure well.  The results were being sent to my general practitioner - I did not see a doctor in Emergency.  Very comfortable test!
Went in for 'miscarriage' symptoms left not knowing outcome as no radiologist present  Followed up with XXXXXXX radiology next day -  Had 2 ultrasounds technician/radiologist at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX missed ectopic pregnancy on both ultrasounds - ended up almost dying + needing surgery to remove Fallopian tube about 3 days later at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Went to emergency to register for epidural spinal steroidal injection.  First time, but a thorough and very satisfactory procedure.
What I feel is that an emergency dept's just that people go in and take up the doctor's time with something a GP could handle.  The last time I was there I waited 3 1/2 hrs and there were still 8-10 people ahead of me  If they were all there for emergency treatment how can they sit there and wait that long
When a nurse is asked to assist in transferring a patient from a stretcher to a bed, she should ask what is wrong before she pushes on a broken hip.  She should have lifted the sheet to take the weight off the stretcher.
When I arrived at the hospital I was admitted right away as my contractions were pretty close together. I was checked right away and found to be 6cm dilated. I requested an epidural almost right away. When I was to receive the epidural I immediately felt the urge to push (20 minutes after the doctor first checked me). I felt the Dr should have checked me before I was prepped for the epidural as the nurse could see I was having strong contractions. The fact that this was overlooked made me feel as myself and the baby could have been in danger as I was very far along once the anesthesiologist arrived.   Also, the nurse that was attending me seemed new and inexperienced. Every time I would answer her questions she would have to leave the room to check with her superiors. Her attitude towards all my questions and my level of pain was very dismissive as well This did not make me feel very comfortable in her care. Once my water broke she became very flustered which again made me panic. Luckily, a more experience nurse came to my side and was able to help me through the delivery. I can't remember her name but I was very happy with how she handled the situation.  When we were ready to leave the hospital it took 5-6 hours to be discharged. Again, the same inexperienced nurse was there and she seem to keep forgetting about us. We waited for hours for things she said would be completed in minutes.   Overall my experience at the hospital was tarnished by this nurse and her inexperience, lack of organization and dismissive attitude. I was very happy with the cleaning staff, cafeteria staff, night nurses and the doctor who delivered my baby.
When I arrived at the hospital I was amazed with how quickly I was cared for. At the time I was the only patient but there was a nurse with me at all times. I was never alone. After 20+ hours of labour I needed to have an emergency C-section. I was very nervous about this, bout the staff was able to calms me down. I liked that i got my own room and that my family could come at any time to visit me. The only thing that my husband and I did not like was that every night of our (3 night stay) we were woken up along with our baby to have tests done. For example myself along with my newborn were woken up at 3 am to complete a hearing test. He was asleep and it took me a while to get him back to sleep. The following night he was woken again at 1 am for blood work then again at 5ish to feed him ( I didn't like that I had to wake my baby up to feed him, I always thought to never wake a sleeping baby and he will let me know when he is hungry). I was aware that they were really busy as may was a busy month ( I delivered XXXXXXXXXX).  Lastly I did complain that my stomach hurt me a lot, but was told that it was not all after a C section. After being discharged I returned a few days later with an infection.  Other then the above, I loved the staff and would recommend this hospital.
When I arrived by ambulance my salt level was 113.  Doctors told my family I was dying.  They gave me 4 bottles of salt water + by am I was clear.  Thank you doctors.
When I arrived to the hospital I was in labour and minutes away from delivering I didn't like that I had to admit myself first. I barely made it up to obstetrics. The food was atrocious. My nurse (XXXXX) was absolutely fantastic! The doctor set expectations as high for how many BM's + voids my newborn should have which caused me to go to emerg a few days after my daughters birth because she hadn't pooped in 4 days  They said she should have 4 poops a day! They should say what they should have happen but also what might happen for ex newborns should have up to 4 BMs a day but most breastfed babies many not poop for up to a week or more
When I have gone for x-rays etc to emergency desk + other times.  There are no chairs available to sit in line -  I have trouble standing for long periods of time + I faint -  I always hope they are not too busy.  This hospital + doctors + staff are wonderful - + I thank them
When I left home by ambulance, my wife gave the attendents her phone number to call for info & to answer questions as I was unable to speak due to seizures  ER staff never did call her despite my inability to answer questions, including a list of meds I was taking
When the accident happened I told my husband "take me to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX" - great reputation!  First visit & it was a very good experience!
While it didn't seem to have any negative effect on the delivery of care or treatment, I felt an over riding sense of a "lack of (unreadable)" associated with my doctor.  Smiles, laughs and jokes around when the (unreadable) staff are around and by (unreadable).
While it wasn't necessarily pertinent at the time, I didn't have any idea how to bottlefeed if I needed to.  It wasn't the fault of the drs or nurses, but nowhere in prenatal class or the hosp. did I receive any info on how to properly prepare formula.  It did become necessary when my son was X wks old and I was completely clueless.  I would have liked to be prepared even though when he was born bottles/formula didn't seem necessary.
While the wait was very long, the staff was all great and friendly and Dr. XXXXXXX was incredible w/ my X yr old.
Wifi coverage is patchy at best in different parts of ward  Should be fully available in all parts of ward.  Signal boosters don't cost much
Wished that family could be involved but wasn't because of COVID 19
Wonderful attention care at this visit on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX with Dr. XXXXXX very thorough.
Wonderful care.
Wonderful facility to have in our community  It is indispensable
Wonderful hospital staff! Great midwives!
Wonderful nurses, fantastic doctors very caring and personable staff.  I could tell the nurses were very short staffed at times but they still managed to care for all my needs immediately.  They did a wonderful job and I hope the staffing shortage is not a regular (unreadable) for their role.
Wonderful staff!  Can't wait for the next delivery experience.
Wonderful staff.
Worst experience in emerg dept  Desk staff/nurses argued with ambulance attendants & felt very uncomfortable about the care I would receive here I would have left if I as able  Doctor saw me briefly & said he would see me after I went to the washroom when I came out no one there except my husband  We waited & then asked if there was anything else. They said no we could leave  Just as we were leaving a desk/nurse stopped us to apologize for their behavior & told us to keep it between ourselves  Very unprofessional again  What are they hiding. Waiting on our taxi a nurse appeared in the doorway & I asked her if my cheek getting numb was normal? She said yes? I followed up with my own doctor  Will never go to this emerg again  Felt unsafe in the care one would receive if it was life threatening situation
Worth the wait- no complaints. We were well taken care of and Dr was very clear and helpful.
Would recommend this hospital for sure.  I don't have enough good things to say about the nurses.  They made my birthing experience one I'll never forget.
Xray dept was closed at time of visit so sent to another hospital for CT scan.
XXX is in my opinion, the best emerg. centre in XXXXXXXXXX.  I have recommended it to others who have come from XXXXXX + other areas for prompt care.  Most nurses are excellent and all the drs are, especially Drs XXXXXX + XXXXX.
XXX lacks conviction to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX computer system  To long wait time to go to urgent care in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX!!
XXX nurses and doctors were amazing! I couldn't have asked for better people to be there through my labor and birth!  XXXXXXX and XXXX are very knowledgeable individuals.
XXX, specifically the obstetrics unit, is a spectacular, professional hospital.  Our son arrived during the COVID 19 pandemic.  We felt safe & cared for at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  The nurses, doctors & support staff were professional.  There is nowhere else we'd choose/trust with the delivery of our child.
XXXs had trouble getting me pain meds while they waited to get me admitted.  I was having severe chest pains 9 1/2 to 10.  XXXXXXX had me on morphine and it was waring off by the time we reached the XXXXX.  Once admitted, care was great!
XXXX - my dr in XXXXXXXXXXXXXX is Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - she truly is a great dr. and a great human being  Usually something like this throw it out in trash as where I am staying am being given the bum's rush  XXXX could you do me @ courtesy and ask in your office if any would know a woman  Her single name was XXXXXXXXXXXXXX  She was a high school teach in XXXXX over 50 years ago but idea someone knows the family  She lived across the street in XXXXXXX  Must say was truly impressed with 2 nurses that are very very intelligent and helpful  This is one (unreadable) dr. (unreadable) for good information on my (unreadable) as far as (unreadable) but scared the shit out of me - with 1st piece of information  Dying and death  I must say (unreadable) XXXXXXXXXXX was ahead of XXXXXXX.  But it is + stops behind XX   Both have some really great nurses "but as I call them (unreadable) checkers"  Good luck to you in life  Never have written to a president and chief executive officer  Your friend  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXX & XXXXXX & XXXXX were outstanding nurses through my labor and long stay at the hospital 16 days. They were an incredible support for me, best nurses ever.
XXXX is amazing!
XXXXXX IS DISABLED AND HAS LIMITED VERBAL COMMUNICATION.  BOTH THE DOCTOR AND THE NURSE TREATED XXXXXX WITH RESPECT AND TALKED TO HIM AND EXPLAINED WHAT THEY WERE DOING EVEN THOUGH HE ISN'T CAPABLE OF UNDERSTANDING.  IT WAS ONE OF OUR BEST HOSPITAL VISITS TO A HEALTH CARE PROVIDER THAT WE AREN'T FAMILIAR WITH.  THANK YOU SO MUCH!  XXXXXX' MOM
XXXXXXX in the XXXXXXX part of the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX being well looked after - great nursing very clean, food good
XXXXXXX is a fantastic hospital with amazing staff.
XXXXXXX is a small town but the hospital and it's staff are some of the best!  So glad to have this hospital in our community.
XXXXXXX is an incredible hospital.  It is the best one for having a baby.  I'm so grateful to Dr. XXXXXXX + the amazing nursing staff  Thank you.
XXXXXXX is the best emergency dept.  I live in XXXXXXXXXXXXX & the hospital in CP is terrible.  Too long a wait for no reason.  I've walked out many times.
XXXXXXX is the best emergency that I have been to  The doctors & nurses were wonderful  The night before my visit to XXXXXXX I was at XXXXXXXXXX with the same issue.  I waited 5 hours to receive medicine and the doctor was dismissive and disrespectful.
XXXXXXX is the best hospital in the area for sure!
XXXXXXX maternity is fantastic!  The food we were served was awful!  I had to send my husband to get every meal.
XXXXXXX was a bridge hops between acute care and rehab it was great to be close to home anyone friends + family with the great care of XXX. A superb place with superb care. Many thanks!
XXXXXXX was a very good emergency facility.  But, this experience was one of the worst hospital experience ever.  When a person requires stitches but someone with a cough takes priority I find puzzling, good thing I wrapped the wound well before hand because it was on until the last possible moment, ridiculous!
XXXXXXX would always be my hospital of choice. Nurses and support staff are the best!
XXXXXXXXX was the best nurse ever!
XXXXXXXXXXXXX midwives - we had such a wonderful experience with them 10/10 rating  All interactions with nursing staff were helpful + positive we love the environment they create in L + D  Thank you!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX was excellent
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a fantastic hospital with caring staff and physicians, it is a hospital I would (and do) recommend to any soon-to-be parents!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX bar none is the very best hospital in the area!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has been a blessing to our family for 50 yrs  They are always friendly + caring.  We have found over many visits they are eager to build values of respect + communicate of a small town
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a fantastic institution and resource for professional medical attention  It is a well kept "secret" that ensures quality care in a "timely" manner, compared to bigger city hospitals
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a very good hospital  The care is of a high standard because XXXXXXX is a small town you get to know everyone.  It gives you a feeling that everyone really cares  I'm very thankful we have it.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the best!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the best.  The only issue is the wait time but I understand that the government funding is not to par, so it is not because of the hospital.  Thank you so much.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX provided excellent care.  I can't say enough good things about the nurses, doctors and administrative staff.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is THE BEST in the XXXXXX - XXXXXXXX area.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is amazing. I fell in my driveway on a XXXXXX and by XXXXXX night could not put any weight on my left leg. XXXXXXXX morning, a friend took me to the hospital and I was treated with compassion and respect. The doctor examined my leg and determined that no bones were broken but I had a contusion which would be painful for a few days but would heal itself. There was no follow-up and no treatment other than the Tylenol which I took to reduce the pain. I have a sensitivity to anti-inflammatory drugs so it was a matter of letting it run its course. I cannot say enough good things about the treatment I received from the intake person, the nurse, and the doctor. The service I received was wonderful.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX most likely saved my life in the serious condition I arrived in!  The doctors + staff in medical surgical unit pulled all the right moves to save my life!  Thanks to XXXXXXXXXXXX standard of care!  I survived a truly life + death situation  We will go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX before our city hosp when possible for the superior care!  We will never forget XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for all they did to save my husband + how caring they were to me the wife!!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is excellent in providing not only healthcare but also support services such as physio, food, maintenance and cleanliness.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is held in high rapport in the community & is probably the best little hospital in the XXXXXXXXXXXX/XXXXXX region.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has always been fairly quick, efficient, caring, & informative.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is 'great'.  No long wait times.  Staff care about 'you'.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were both amazing
Yes more drs to work in emergency dept!  Especially to help mothers with young children.  Hard on them when waiting time becomes long.
Yes, there should be faster times for x-ray @ night.  We waited almost 4 hrs to see a doctor that night with a child whom had a broken arm to be sent home no pain meds, no sling and told to come back next day after 10:30 am for an x-ray  This child had a full break in her arm and suffered because it was to late to call in a x-ray tech.  This is unacceptable  We ended up at XXXX to get it (unreadable)  We need better care this is the second time this has happened to our family with 2 children
Yes.  I was there not for childbirth but for a miscarriage that turned into infection and needed a D&C procedure.  Maybe add a N/A option on the childbirth experience, not everyone on the maternity ward gets the childbirth experience.  Hospital and staff were absolutely amazing
Yes.  The nurses, doctors and office staff were very helpful in every way.  XXXXX
You could ask some people in the waiting room not to be so loud and boisterous.  Some of us are actually sick
You get first class care from the kind and caring nurses and doctors.  Very clean emergency dept
You should never keep people with dementia or Alz in the same room.  I know they have no control over how they are, but for the other patients and myself it can be very hard to listen to or take other than that I had a very good stay.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Young nurses should be supervised by senior nurses as the 2 young nurses I had didn't provide quality care - pain control messed up day after surgery, sever leg swelling/ pain - was told to walk ended up w/ catheter going home as nurses didn't listen all day when I couldn't pee.
"A" rude night shift nurse
"Hospital food still remains a challenge" Not enough variety Not appealing presentation - not - hot - not very tasty - UGH! A good reason to leave ASAP; maybe that's the plan!
"Lack" of updated communication to family members (at home) about status of patient whose condition makes him/her unable to communicate to family at home. Family unable to visit (Covid restrictions - no visitation)
"Verry" professional kind sincere service thank you keep up the good work
#1 1st day in emerge all day asked for water food - received none until - supper in room #2 Not told why I was put in a small curtained area, no toilet, water. #3 Trouble breathing - 1 hr before I got oxygen Frightening.
#12 I had pain medicine before hospital visit.
#32 Closer to 3 hrs than 1 hr. My doctor was amazing though. I can't recall her name (young) but she listened and didn't interrupt me on statement with questions (that usually would be answered if I had a chance to finish speaking) I've had issues with other doctors doing that during other visits, but she was awesome.
(1) Beds need to be replaced, mattress to thin (2) Food is terrible (3) Bedding not changed unless I asked (4) Personal showers not really encouraged, clean goes a long way to feeling much better
(1) Even though I was seen by the floor doctor I felt my doctor would have come up to see me (2) I enjoyed the menu that was sent to me and it was a nice surprise each time a tray came to me
(1) Lack of communication regarding a belt to keep me in bed after surgery - it remained on my bed my entire stay and caused a lot of discomfort to my back. (2) Physiotherapy was difficult but helped a lot.
(1) More training of staff in IV installation. (2)
(1) Sometimes it took a long time for the call button to be answered (2) Often the light over my bed was left on all night even though I asked for it to be turned off
(Situational due to COVID-19 pandemic) - We were moved to a ward room right after delivery and told we may have to share the room/bathroom with up to 2 other postpartum women Huge concerns for health/safety as social distancing issue + sharing washrooms during pandemic, especially with a newborn baby! I felt like this was extremely inappropriate and it caused great anxiety in my husband and I
(Unreadable) staff non emerg transport is not sufficiently available XXXXXXXXXXXX
(unreadable) was hurting my ears & I asked for a couple of cotton balls so I could wrap around tubing (I wasn't told her name) The nurse replied "Then I'll have to tape it on." (I felt as though it was a big chore for her to help me.) As it was I didn't need any tape. I worked in health care for over 25 yrs also (I was prescribed codeine & I have an allergy to it.) In addition to the nurse not working to really help me I also explained & showed the nurse a large rash that was all over my back (little blisters) but nothing was done about it. It did subside about 1 week later.
(XXXXXXXXXXXXX) I arrived early at 645 AM I did a urine sample, saw an admitting nurse, then sat in pain until 800 AM when a new doctor arrived. Within 5 min he called me in and said "here is your prescription" and that was it
* Physical area not clean! Washrooms unsanitary * (Patients and visitors use same facility washroom) * Patients returning from recovery area not always tended to by staff - staff shortage evident!
@ 0700 hr greeted by nurse Went off floor for 2 tests Finally around noon, an RN took my VS and tried to start an IV x2 - no success No info was sent to Dr. XXXXXXX or surgeon IV started in the OR around 3-330 pm. I was very dehydrated! The nurse's name was XXXXXX.
> Nurses/staff that needed to know didn't read hospital chart -> Staff annoyed if family members asked questions -> Staff/nurses didn't help patient/family relive any of their stress -> Family concerned patient was being care for properly without staff being annoyed they had to -> Nurses did "bare minimum" with patient lucky patient had family members there to assist/advocate
1 After I was in a hospital bed I had a very long wait before operating time was available for my procedure. I went 26 hours without food or drink while waiting. 2 It took much too long to be discharged after doctor said I could leave (4-5 horus)
1 dr + 4 hrs too long - Need nurses who can look at patient and give report to dr and just give a prescription so minor cases can be in & out. - I believe your just looking for more parking money.
1- Excellent service. I have been with Dr. since X and if I have severe bleeding I always go to hospital to receive 10 mg vit K1 for 3 days & this stops the bleeding. Worked for XX years - XXXXXXXXXXXX for XXXXXXXXX across Can - USA - Mexico (unreadable), Sarnia, (unreadable) airport service - sold in XX.
1 female worker was rather curt - but she may have been having a bad day.
1 For one triage nurse told me I have problem with anesthetic (not so) my file is incorrect (pretty scary) 2 Why didn't doctor give me injection for my knee? Why did I have to be send away and see family doctor I was in horrible pain
1 I asked for assistance to go to bathroom - no one came 2 I am diabetic - after 7-8 hrs was given something was given after I asked for it 3 Was released at 2 00 am - not asked if I needed help to get home from talking to several other older women many have had this happen to them also with some very bad experiences
1 The younger staff have a poor attitude in dealing with elderly patients on the 4th floor. Unacceptable as they yelled at patients and disrespectful. 2 Urine bottle placed on food trays - disgusting. Otherwise, awesome people especially older nurses! Very respectful.
1) Having had a knee replacement I had trouble with the bed sheets and blanket getting tangled at bottom of bed - needed assistance to cover myself. 2) Food service are poor and require major overhaul or private caterer. 3) Other than above my stay was a straight 10.
1) I had to insist on being admitted in the emerg. 2) Immediately followed scheduled physio with walker on fractured pelvis and casted fractured arm. Also during physio, a small dumbbell weight was lifted with a casted arm. 3) Discharged over the XXXXXXXXX holiday with concern.
1) Morphine scrambled my mother's brain -- she could not balance herself, which made her terrified to sit up, get out of bed, stand up. Doctor and nurses were ready to write her off as a goner. But it was just the morphine -- when she got switched to tramadol, she was back to her regular self the same day. Plus the morphine did not work on her pain, and the morphine and tylenol combo just knocked her out. People should know that morphine has side-effects. 2) In the beginning week after the operation when my mother was so unbalanced and terrified, I noticed that the physio people were all small and therefore weak and therefore scared to hurt themselves (legimately since my mother was 187 pounds). We brought in a couple of her grandchildren who are muscular guys 6-4 and 6-5, and they lifted her to her feet and shuffled her around the room -- and then my mother realized she could do this, and her progress was rapid after that. (She was off the morphine by then). 3) Now that I am helping my mother at home, I realize why one nurse would always call for a second nurse to help move her on her bed, or to her feet in the beginning. My ligaments get sore. And I am a guy and bigger and stronger than the nurses. So keep up that procedure. 4) Nurses did not always come immediately for bedpans and bathroom assistance. At age XX, my mother cannot hold it for more than a minute. It would actually cause the nurses much more work to clean up. I got the idea that if the designated nurse was busy, that the other nurses in the pool were reluctant to back her up immediately? 5) It seemed like it was never the same nurse from day to day. I found that I was telling the nurses what was happening. Sometimes they knew, sometimes they didn't seem to. 6) Being with my mother everyday, I noticed that the woman in the next bed was not doing well in the morning -- unable to find words and make sentences, unable to remember, scared. I'm not sure the nurses noticed the pattern, because when I told her doctor, he seemed struck by the knowledge, and I think he adjusted her medication because she got much better after that. 7) Why does pureed meat taste so bad? My mother would barely eat a few bites. Can you do more hamburger which is already ground and doesn't taste bad? 8) My mother was glad to do the afternoon activities on the Rehab ward. Thanks. 9) The nurses all had beautiful posture. I imagine it helps keep them safe and painless. Keep it up.
1) My roommate + I both found that staff was rather rude @ times. Covid fatigue when I did my XXXXXX training we were taught how to deal with stress + not let it affect our patient care. 2) Lots of times the ring for a nurse was not responded to for example, can I help you my response I used a bed pan. Her communication was curt 'no responses! and by the time they did come, the urge was gone and they wanted me to urinate. The same happened when needing pain pills. I came in by ambulance, at one point my bag was moved out of sight I had $140 disappear! Did not realize it till after my pain was relieved! My name is XXX if you want to talk to me XXXXXXXXXXXX
1) The doctors office was excellent with communication, which is very important to us.
1. Insufficient access to doctors to explain progress on care. While in rehab for THREE weeks, saw doctor responsible for my care ONLY ONCE! 2. Poor communication at time of transitions - mistakes made!
1. My experience in Labour and Delivery was very positive. The nurses and doctors were great. I had to stay a second night because my baby had jaundice. Initially we were told the baby would go to the nursery and be under the blue light in a incubator. The nursery ended up being full so we were moved to paediatrics and the incubator was in my room. The Ped's nurse on days was great, she explained everything and was very kind (which meant a lot considering I was a new mom). The night shift was a different experience. There seemed to be a lack of communication between the nurses. At one point we were told to just shut the alarm off on the machine that was monitoring the baby's vitals. I told the nurse I was not comfortable with that. If the alarm went off - I thought they should check on her. We were also told to leave the door open because the temperature at one point was too high. The day shift nurse had said to NEVER walk away with the door open. During our baby's time in the incubator they would rotate her. When the nurse wanted to put our baby on her stomach during the night, I explained that I was not comfortable with that as I had asked if they can hear the alarm at the desk and she said no. I knew I was exhausted and wasn't sure I would wake up. At the bottom of the machine it said that the machine was out of paper and that it wasn't recording. I am not a health care professional by an means, but it does not sit well with me that if something was to go wrong - there was no record of it. I have thought about the treatment we received on our second night in the hospital and it was unacceptable. Initially I thought maybe I was being hormonal after having a baby, but looking back now I still think it was unacceptable. I have also thought maybe they were short staffed that night, etc - whatever the reason maybe, it would have went along way to explain that. They could of all been having a bad shift, I don't know but after our second night there, we couldn't get out of there fast enough. So, I wouldn't recommend XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for labour and delivery. If my baby for some reason had to be admitted - I would choose another hospital and if we had to be in XXXXXX and we by chance had the same ped's nurses, I would request a different nurse.
1. Out of a 6 day stay my bed was not made once nor were the sheets ever changed. 2. Only saw a nurse if called for or med time. 3. Waited 2 hrs one morning to get help to washroom. Kept telling me they would be there. But never showed.
1. Staff usually have name tags turned around so (unreadable) position not visible - why 2. There was verbal altercation in my room between patient + nurse when the patient wouldn't follow doctor's orders I witnessed it + offered (unreadable) a supervisor not the nurse Said there was no supervisor Another staff nurse finally came to her aid Why would there be no supervisor? It was on the W/E!
1. The nurses work very hard! 2 The doctors were friendly and open. 3. The food was good, although geared to fit a variety of tasks I was surveyed by a member of food staff
1. Treat like a child. 2. Keep me like a dog dog to a chain. 3. Should be released a outpatient program.
1. Waiting time for patients with respiratory problems (like me) should be minimal. The nurses tell in XXXXXX waiting time is 7 (seven!) hours. A very bad instance! 2. Hospital computer system doesn't have patients health history. The triage nurses do not have any. 3. The self-moving wheelchairs should be available so that the patients could move around on their own.
1. Your survey questions refers to my "first visit" to the emergency dept. & have been answered accordingly. 2. However I had a further XXXX visits which did not always go so good. Dates of these visits are as follows: XXXXXXX - XXXXXXX - XXXXXX - XXXXXX - XXXXXX XXXX - XXXXXX XXXX - XXXXXXX - XXXXXXX - XXXXXXX. 3. Reasons for visits: underwent surgery on XXXXXXX had overnight stay in hospital. Overnight XXXXXXX suffered severe pain & nausea in stomach. Informed night shift nurse & was given Gravol, did no good. Could not urinate or have bowel movement. Was discharged from hospital AM on XXXXXXX still with severe pain. Nausea had gone after I had vomited. Around midnight of the XXXXXXX I had first visit to emergency. 4. EMR checked bladder found to be full! X-rays of the bowel were also found to be full! Bladder was drained and was given a catheter. Attended to quickly & pain subsided! Each subsequent visit was due to extreme pain in stomach caused by bladder filling to capacity. 5. Without exception every EMR doctor told me I should never have been discharged from hospital in my condition it was a disgrace! 6. Each & every visit to EMR was for the same reason "bladder full" on first visit oni XXXXXXX triage informed me that had I waited another hour I could have in serious trouble due to the high level of urine getting near the kidneys. 7. Major concern was time spent sitting in waiting room in "extreme pain", with full bladder. Sometimes for hours, plus waiting to see a doctor. Would have thought a full bladder would warrant some urgency to get bladder emptied. Especially in EMR. 8. Other problems during subsequent visits which contributed to bladder being full were catheter too big, too small, insufficient pressure to hold catheter in place, catheter plugged due to blood clots. Urethra plugged required flushing. 9. Approximately around my "XXXXXXXXX" I requested to speak to a urologist but the EMR doctor informed me I wasn't bad enough for that & so the urologist would not come! 10. Eventually, seen by Dr. XXXXX (urologist) who was fuming that he was not called as he was on duty at the time and would have come right away! At this time I was diagnosed with an "extremely large prostate" which was causing my problem. Diagnoses was given on XXXXXXX! On XXXXXXXX underwent prostate surgery & have had no further problems!
1.) Test results were not told to me 2) This is my 2nd survey I filled out. Please no more XXX
1st contact nurse in triage aren't the friendliest + this is generally an ongoing concern. I almost felt like we were putting her out
1st time since XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX opened that I was every in + out was 15 minutes - couldn't believe it - everyone was helpful + polite at all times
1st visit excellent for breathing difficulty 2nd visit for UTI - think they forgot us? ER was not too busy. We were there 6 hrs. Pt has passed away Survey filled by family member that accompanied the pt.
1st visit I was given Tamiflu tablet with no information about it I did not tolerate it - 2nd visit next day had a seizure - 3rd visit still sick was given xray + puffer - 4 visit next day went to another ER had another seizure No reason - Still under investigation
1st visit was heart attack - rushed to XXXXXX for heart - 3 stents put in arrived at emergency at 620am operated in XXXXXX at 1pm same day 2nd visit - bladder infection arrived at emergency at 5am - out at 725 with prescription - attending cardio rehab in XXXXX
2 Attempts to find veins in my hands both failed. One attempt hit a nerve, my finger still tingles a bit Left final attempt for vein in surgery rm. All 3 spots had bruising.
2 hospitals My 2 weeks stay in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was very good & comfortable too. My "2" stays of 1 week each were very friendly and caring at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXX Thank you Mr XXXXXXX
20 treat you with courtesy and respect? Always - the next day was the problem upon return visit. 23 did doctors spend enough time with you? Yes, somewhat - It was a very long wait for no real relief unfortunately, other than affirmation. 24 Did you understand what your main health problem was? YEs - having explained it to both doctors onsite. 28 Did someone discuss with you whether you needed follow up care? Yes - I returned the next morning. 29 Did someone ask if you would be able to get this follow up care? Yes - I actually saw one of them briefly on his way out in the AM and he was most kind and asked me how I was feeling though he was obviously on his way to other daily duties. 30 What number would you use to rate your care? Please see notes both very busy overwhelmed doctors, were most kind, understaffing & priority patient decisions are a reality of life. 31 Would you recommend this department to friends and family? Definitely yes - Having fought to help keep it open, of course.
22 hrs in emerge is far too long to lay on the gurney. My back was injected 2 days before my stay Now I need another epidural in spine Emerge was notified but done nothing.
2nd visit in a week both times treatment was great, first time XXXXXXX very fast, XXXXXX not fast. Not critical but wait was only a couple of hours. Still very acceptable.
3 1/2 hrs wait - never saw a dr. or anyone after triage. Registration desk closed. I left & went home.
36 + 45 due to Covid Thank you for being there and great care!
4 days in hospital - 4 different doctors - Had to repeat my history to each one I was bleeding rectally and a nurse wanted to give me a heparin injection ("Because everyone gets one") When I was already taking plavix She also wanted to give me a sleeping pill and Tylenol when not needed - She said doctor ordered them??? I refused them and was told the next day it was a good thing I did - My last day I finally asked to take a shower - Nurses didn't look in on me unless a call button was pushed Christmas shopping online!!
4 ER in 5 weeks 2nd visit should have had IV took 3rd visit 2 week later? Had swab oil cut 2x 4th visit ask but no response, sign in nurse was rude. Doctor didn't really care XXXXXXX has a good Er I now have several infections on my foot. 1st and 2nd visits same nurse thought I should have had the IV
4 months ago was my 1st visit to Emerg and it took 9 hrs to find out very little 3 months ago I was at Emerg. for the same problem and it took 7 hours to find out nothing and condition got worse 1 month ago I had to go to Emerg by ambulance and I was admitted and stayed in hospital 8 days and finally I got treated properly and I go all the information on my problem. I was very frustrated to be seen by 2 doctors at Emerg wand got nothing but probably or could be this or that from the doctors
4th floor Felt chilly after 11 PM hats off to XXXXX, XXXXX, XXXXXXX, XXXXXXX, XXXX, XX, XXXXX, and several other nurses very hard working. ER nurses drs XXXXX and lady African doctor kudos to them. XXXXX, XXXXX diabetic clinic. Great knowledge. Thank you all at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Doctors did a spectacular job
4th floor medical - Amazing 2nd floor rehab - Amazing One bad experience - Mom had a ultrasound scheduled - it was changed by a charge nurse on 2 rehab - name - XXX We were not notified and should up at 8:30am. Mom was fed her breakfast but suffers from dementia and even she new she wasn't supposed to eat She had a note on her bed NPO She was sent to ultrasound with food in stomach. 67 days - that was the only bad experience we had. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX or XXXXXXXXXXXX
6 hrs before I got juice or water I am a diabetic and I had to go and see nourishment on all my 3 previous visits All else was fine
8 day stay Discharge times are predetermined! I was not completely ready to be discharged as I was only fever free one night. I felt dizzy & had to lie down just before discharge. But was told my bed was already assigned My wife said "so we go to emergency & start the process all over again" The final two days with 2 new RN's was not pleasant Talked down to & acted as if we were taking advatage of our stay Other than that I was so well taken care of. First time in hospital to stay in 20 yrs!
99% of staff were incredible I had a tough situation and I mostly got the help I needed. However, I went into septic shock before my surgery and my nurse left me alone in my room and I had to yell for help
A bee story with facial swelling was the reason for visit to emergency medication was prescribed but I have had that medication before so although it was not a usual med I had taken it before (question 7). Care was overall wonderful.
A big thank you for my health care XXXXXX
A big yes While in emergency holding I had a bad experience which I did not realize until I was admitted to 4th floor medical next day. I had $160.00 stolen from my purse. 1 $100.00 3 - $20.00 - $160.00 My grocery money
A caregiver needs to be present when discharge info is given to a patient. I was too medicated to fully understand the information We had to call the hospital and our pharmacy to get clarification.
A couple of times I have visited emergency in early morning (6 - 7 AM) Even though waiting room is mostly empty, never get seen by dr. until after 8 AM.
A follow up ultrasound was scheduled the next day @ the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX site & results were discussed at the XXX site later that day. An appt. with a specialist was made by the attending physician and a resolution was discussed & follow up planned.
A follow up visit with a urologist told me that some new medications should have been prescribed for my condition.
A good experience
A good visit even with Covid 19 on my mind.
A great experience!
A little more clearance before surgery would have been nice I was told to be at hospital at a certain time and was not aware my surgery was moved to a different time (I could have got my son off to school)
A little more food
A long wait - seen by Dr XXXXXXXXXX explained thoroughly + did not hurry me at all, very compassionate + thorough
A nice clean up to date hospital staff were kind and helpful.
A nurse from the ED went with me by ambulance to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. she was quite nice and went out of her way to ensure I was not apprehensive about the next steps working hard at keeping me calm.
A nurse was kindly helping me get my shoe on (post op - total knee) Poor nurse has never had knee pain + ground my shoe on to my foot. - A little more education in this area, please!
A nurse was too busy to believe that I was in full labour upon calling L + D I was spoken to rather rudely because I had already been up and discharged that morning as I wasn't far enough along We went back to the hospital despite what I was advised on the phone and had the baby in less than an hour Doctor on call didn't make it up to deliver - I was right! However the intern XXXX was simply AMAZING! Would love to have her as a regular doctor!
A nurse whom I had contact with during my stay had a bad cough and not wearing a mask. Upon my return home, I contracted the same cough (I had neck surgery). Also, alarm on my IV went off approx every 45 min during the night - very annoying!
A patient should be kept informed as the reason for a long delay prior to the scheduled day surgery start time I had a very very long delay
A patient with pneumonia was admitted to our floor, which was cardiac on the 4th floor, ward, due to shortage of hospital 2 patient and other rooms available. They are very short of rooms & staff
A very good experience Bathrooms should be tidied more often.
A very good experience! The staff were caring and conducted themselves in a professional manner. The surgery went well and I am recovering well under the guidance of my doctor and the hospital staff.
A very well experience this visit. I couldn't have been treated any better.
A well developed team providing excellent care! Well done!
A wonderful experience!
A+
A-1
Accommodations - inadequate!! Bed in box size room TV table no window exposure - inadequate exercise - walk around the bed 2 walks in hall, 3 showers in 3 weeks. Left hospital in worse shape, sore back, painful shoulder no walk ask about food - soup great!
Actually, our (unreadable) is a very important aspect of our community. No.
Admission nurse seemed irritated that I was loud in a drug free 10 minute long labour. Stated some drugs were not an option due to understaffing Midwives were amazing All other staff encountered were fantastic Stayed 3 hrs after
Admitted at 12am at 16.00 was admitted to stay without no info until I when up to a room a hr later (unreadable) the doctor on the ward
Admitted on XXXXXX afternoon - might have been some confusion as to attending physician over the weekend. Overall - I am very grateful for the care received and feel my life was saved.
Admitting nurse was excellent as well as some other nurses Discharge nurse was not so good on her shift & in timely discharge and giving adequate info needed it was rushed (when there had been enough time earlier) Missed 1 medical item that was later noted & received call @ home
After 3 hours we left. There was 1 -2 people when we got there and 6 -7 prior to leaving before going into the ER.
After 4 hours in severe pain, I left without seeing a doctor. It's no wonder why some people look for other ways to treat their pain immediately. Shame on XXX my BP was very high and I threw up twice while in triage.
After 4 hrs of waiting to have my foot looked at I was told to come back tomorrow so their was no x-ray tech on 4 hrs of my time wasted. I could have driven to XXXXXX and been looked at
After being admitted no bed was available so bad to spend the first two nights in the ER department in a bed with curtains all around the place.
After being admitted, the two nurses who cared for me so kind & caring.
After contacting C Dif in hospital they left me in the hallway with my belongings for 5 hours before giving me a new room. It was hard to sit in my wheelchair for that long. Very stressful!
After finding out what was wrong and COVID 10 test attending dr asked me if I would stay till test came back to help out I stayed 2 nights Test was negative. Daughter came and took me home. All staff were helpful and kind. Sorry about my spelling. I am now XX years old
After kidney surgery and doctor came to see me had to make office appointment 2 months down the road "sigh"
After my 4th visit for the same thing I was diagnosed & treated for NIHI. It finally took a doctor who was a family friend to order the proper tests. It seems the doctors on duty are only conserned with freeing up bed space. Being sent home 3 times with tylenol almost ended my life proper testing needs to be done.
After my form 1 I should have been better evaluated as there was no need for a form & discharged 2 days later.
After my stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I was admitted to XXXXXXXX We are so grateful we still have that hospital running also
After my surgery I was quite "out of it" and my wife was not called after my surgery even though she had called & asked about me and she was given no instructions as to care for me at home except what I remembered. She was not allowed in due to covid rules
After my visit to ER I was admitted to hospital for ankle surgery the next day Also I was on pain meds so some questions re length of time in ER etc were a bit difficult to answer. I was in a difficult situation. I'd just flown from XXXXXXXXXXXXX to XXXXXXX - driven from XXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Seen in ER + admitted
After our midwife left no one came to check in on us for 4+ hours which I found quite unnerving, though this may be regular procedure I had my baby at 1:30am and did not meet a nurse until after 7
After sitting on a hard chair for 1 1/2 hrs I asked the nurse in charge if there was a was a reason that nobody had come to see me She said 'can't you see we're busy About ten min later they came to get me and had to put warm blankets on me to warm me enough before they were able to take me in I did tell my doctor why I wasn't ready.
After the birth on XXXXXXXX and being released XXXXXXXX we were admitted again for my baby dehydration the next day and at that time the mom (me) was not served with food as the hospital considered the baby as the patient. I think mom and babies below XXXXXX should be served with food anyways
After waiting 3.5 hrs to be seen for a UTI I wasn't even asked for a urine sample. And after the 5 days it came back I went to my doctors and there was no report on urine I needed another different antibiotic
After waiting nearly 4 hours to be treated, the doctor wondered if I couldn't want to see my own doctor who was on holidays at the time. My balance was already off and I had no hearing in one ear and the other very little.
All and all a very comfortable, safe atmosphere Great help by all employees A class act hospital
All Emerge personnel are extremely respectful. Some just need to actually listen. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is more willing to help & try to understand what's going on. More than any other hospital I've ever been to.
All excellent
All good
All good!
All good, I have a lot more respect for the senior members of the facility. Most of the younger members treated me with less respect, Just a job to them, lack of empathy!
All hospital staff treated me very well
All hospitals have progressive got noisier - added tim hortons etc
All I encountered were very positive, caring, compassionate, understanding, attentive, calming. A very positive experience thank you to all! Qu 47. "control" anxiety & depression with positive thinking & people and presc'n. XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
All I got to say is good job. Hard work pay off. Staying a little longer with good help may save pain for some Thanks for your love XXXXXXXXXXXX
All interactions with doctors during my stay were positive. Most interactions with nurses were positive. When one nurse tole me that I'd need a c-section, I was caught off-guard and quite upset. I felt that she handled the situation poorly and didn't offer emotional support. I felt better after discussing with my doctor before the surgery.
All members of the hospital staff were caring, courteous and compassionate during my one week stay. Kudos to you all. "Keep up the good work!"
All my nurses were awesome. One even brought me a Tim Horton's coffee one morning.
All nurses and doctors were very nice to me. I couldn't have asked for any better treatment. Thank you very much
All nurses during my stay were excellent I felt brushed off when I called L&D while in labour and trying to decide whether to head to XXX Thankfully I had a midwife to support me
All nurses on 3rd (west) were excellent.
All nurses went above and beyond to ensure I had everything I needed. Excellent professional care.
All nurses were wonderful. They all had good temperaments and was helpful when I hit the buzzer. Some days were better than others and I was glad to get out.
All of my contacts were more than helpful at all times and I enjoyed the attention I received. They were super. XXXXXXXXXXXX
All of the nurses + OR staff were great I had minor issues with the surgeon post op but otherwise it was a great experience.
All of the nurses were incredibly caring, thoughtful and supportive. I appreciated them talking through my delivery and helping me with pain management after birth - 3rd degree tear and catheter.
All of the nursing staff and doctors were amazing during my first child birthing experience. Special attention was given by the nurses specifically XXXXXXXXXXX, XXX, and new hire XXXX. They all made my labor so much more special and coached me along the entire time. They were truly passionate about my care for myself and my baby. I am already looking forward to my next experience at XXX.
All of the staff during our stay were wonderful! Thank you for everything!
All of the staff that cared for us were absolutely amazing! Thank you so much!
All of the staff, nurses, doctors, dietary, cleaning, EVERYONE were all friendly and very attentive. Great hospital and staff!
All of these questions should have an "I don't know section."
All people involved were friendly kind educated and helpful. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX did not have a rabies vaccine. I would have only had a three hour wait time if I did not have to travel to XXXXXX for the vaccine I needed.
All persons involved were very friendly and professional.
All staff + professionals treated me in a kind + respectful manner.
All staff during my stay were excellent, courteous and respectful Thank you
All staff from nurses, PSW, and physicians were kind, understanding and very compassionate to my physical and emotional needs. Thank you!
All staff including cleaning were very helpful I have no complaints about my stay
All staff members were very considerate + friendly! The facility was clean + well maintained. Thank you!
All staff ranging from physicians, RN, unit helper, housekeeping, and volunteers where very courteous and went out of their way to make me feel safe & taken care of at all times
All staff treated me great! Doctors wonderful too! Kitchen staff cheerful & caring - Even the cleaning staff very pleasant too! I am grateful for one & all!
All staff was always cheerful & happy to serve me & my needs.
All staff was exceptional The only problem I had was regular tylenol & morphine were my prescribed meds It took a while for the nurses to get permission for something in between. (Morphine was too much. Tylenol not enough) Communication problem?
All staff was great. XXXXXX (RN) was very nice and did a good job getting the IV started Dr XXXXXXX, when in the OR, said, "don't worry at all, I'll take good care of you." That was comforting Overall, a positive experience.
All staff were excellent.
All staff were great
All staff were kind, caring, compassionate
All staff were very helpful and understanding. The doctor, on call, was very thorough The ultrasound tech stayed past her time to do my test, which I greatly appreciated. * My only complaint was the LONG wait between doctor + tech
All the emergency dept's should have 2 "systems" 1 - patients that will take longer to care for (multiple tests, more in depth care) 2 Those who would have quick diagnosis & care - this would speed up wait times in Emerg!
All the nurses in labour and delivery were fantastic! Particularly XXX who provided us with detailed breast feeding support and made us feel more comfortable with the process.
All the nurses treated me very well, this was the best care I ever received. Thank you!
All the staff in labor and delivery that helped me during my stay in the hospital were amazing!!! Very (unreadable) and caring answered all my questions and helped me with all my concerns about being a new mother I was very thankful.
All the staff in the emergency department, ICU & medical ward were exceptionally caring & kind Their professional training & expertise gave me confidence.
All the staff members were kind and fun to be around.
All the staff were great from physio, nursing, house keeping & dietary. Communication not the best among staff. Emerg waiting time was 5 hrs and was in extreme pain.
All very good to me and helpful at the time.
All was very satisfactory This procedure was the third time with the same doctor - So many of you questions were redundant - sorry - XXX
All went as planned
All went extremely well, thank you
All went pretty smoothly, I did not have a great experience in the past but this procedure process was a breath of fresh air So thank you.
All went very well No complaints
All went very well! Good job by all
All went well Only got into trouble once for getting out of bed before nurse showed up, but when you need to pee you just have to getting going.
All went well. Thank you for the treatment and care.
Allergies should be on top of files the doctor was going to give me something with cortisone and I'm allergic to this.
Although I did not have much of an appetite while in hospital, I found that the hospital good was quite good. Contrary to common reports, hospital good was very palatable!
Although it is not care-related I would like to see free access to television services.
Although minor complaint - 5 hrs is much to long for service (nurse mentioned new computer system - did you not train them first?) XXXXXXXXXXXX
Although my last visit was generally good, the quality is inconsistent There have been many times where myself, friends and family are treated as a job, with very little sympathy or compassion at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX The facility is also usually extremely understaffed and progress is extremely slow
Although the triage emerg. & ambulance staff were unprofessional, somewhat cold, & even detrimental to my well being, the female doctor who finally treated me, went out of her way, and after seeing my x-rays referred & appointed me to a surgeon who recently replaced my entire left hip!! (After years of pain & suffering (Wish I knew her name) Dr XXXX? (unreadable) XXXXXXXXX
Although there is a little longer wait time, the staff are excellent, respectful and very accommodating. It is a emergency department and people should have a little patience in waiting for treatments.
Although we were treated well by staff, once in low acuity no one ever checked on us or inquired if we needed anything or had concerns while waiting our turn. We felt some what overlooked/forgotten.
Always been pleased with care when we have had other encounter with the ER either with ourselves or other family members Being approx 3 wks post op heart surgery we were displeased with how long it took to see anyone triage was once. For patients like us it was fear of unknown, not being in this situation before
Always efficient and clean environment COVID-19 protocols were excellent and enforced.
Always go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXX *efficient staff*
Always have a good experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. More nursing staff would be helpful.
Always very good whenever I have had to take anyone there. Good to have the hospital close to the community without having to drive 1/2 hour to XXXXXX.
Am always pleased with the care + help I get in XXXXXXXX
Amazing care and staff on the delivery floor Another great experience
AMAZING care from MIC nurse XXXXX, MIC nurse XXXXX was great at teaching & wonderful experience with Dr XXXXXXXX MIC nurse XXXXXX was not very personable/comforting (vs XXXXX)
Amazing hospital & staff!
Amazing nurses and doctors on the maternity floor! Need more boarding rooms attached to the special care nursery.
Amazing nurses, awesome amenities. Greatly appreciated ... cold! The windows are drafty.
Amazing staff. Very kind and helpful. Urologist Dr. XXXX is a fantastic doctor.
Ambulance & ER doctors great my stay at XXXXXXXXX was as enjoyable as a hospital stay could be under the circumstances. Staff (nurses) very kind to me.
Ambulance drivers were very good as well as emergency.
Amount of food at lunch too small - Did not like to be told to stay in room until 700 with no lights
An excellent group of people, very caring and professional. A very positive experience
An excellent successful experience. Good work.
Anesthesiologist Dr. XXXXXXXXXX fully listened to my concerns about being extremely sick and drained from the effects of general anesthetic. He was phenomenal! I was never sick post surgery and felt his kindness and skills helped so much in my healing. I'm XX yrs od and I have several surgeries. I have always suffered the effects of anesthesia, nausea, dizziness, feeling unwell for weeks but not this time. Thank you Dr. XXXXXXXXXX and Dr. XXXXXXXXX and the whole surgery team. I did have to wait 40 minutes for pain meds I told the nurse but she didn't relay the information to my assigned nurse. The assigned nurse was fantastic and most apologetic On the night of my surgery day I asked to use the washroom. The nurse told me that they were short staffed but would be back when they could help. She then returned with an ultrasound machine and said my bladder was not too full so I could wait a little longer. I felt demeaned and uncomfortable.
Anesthesiologist was very gruff, and not pleasant. Woke from surgery with split lip from his procedure.
Another patient told my caregiver that she rang a bell several times to inform the nurses I was vomiting before anyone came & also my caregiver had to ask a nurse to change a pad that had vomit on it. Also my caregiver was just given vaseline & she did not know what it was for. I don't remember a lot of what happened. There was a lot of confusion as to whether I had to arrange a place for rehabilitation after surgery and leaving the hospital. The gal downstairs who saw me was correct I had an anxiety attack which I never had before.
Another patient was extremely rude and agitated. He cursed and swore loudly at the staff. I thought the hospital staff handled the situation calmly and in a very professional manner.
Any anxiety I might have had regarding surgery & my hospital stay was allowed by the care givers.
Any time I have had to visit the ED, my experience with all the professionals has been 5 star care. I thank you for that.
Anytime I am in for a UTI or other things because I am new in a wheelchair after a double stroke 5 years ago. I have always liked & enjoyed the stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Anytime I have required care, I have always been very pleased.
Apart from the wait prior to the surgery (which was due to the number of patients having the procedure done in the same time period) the wait was reasonable.
Appreciated care I received in order to get well.
Arrival at ER after fall, in pain - staff couldn't have been more helpful.
Arrived 7:30am - left 9:30am XXXXXXXXXXXX. REalizing I was there during a quiet time, lucky. I understand this is not normal, usually takes much longer hours due to volume
Arrived about 5:50 am. - Nurses behind glass talking + laughing but I personally wasn't called up triage until 6:45. - Approx 7 people waiting for 3 of us called to lack emergency area. - Failed even longer there released at about 08:50am.
Arrived on time for 8:40 a.m. checkin. Procedure was not done until mid afternoon. I was told about the delay about 11:30 and said I could leave and come back for 2 p.m. A lot of waiting for a 5 minute procedure.
Arrived with serious pain & got a ticket with a valid machine ticket XX
Arrived with XXXXXXX at approx. 7:00 PM was triaged close to 8 PM. Was taken to 2nd waiting room around 10 PM. Left at midnight without being seen by a doctor. We didn't even hear a doctor speak to anyone - and no one told us what was going on. We left and will find another hospital in future
As a diabetic, I was not given any food while in emerg. I arrived at emerg. at 1:00 PM and was told I would be admitted at 6:00 PM. I had to get my daughter to leave to hospital to get me food since the kitchen was closed.
As a pregnant woman admitted to medicine, it would have been nice/comforting to have staff (aside from the doctor) that knew that my usual vitals would be different than a non-pregnant woman. I was given a saline bolus 1 or 2 times during the night because the staff were unaware that pregnant women tend to have low blood pressure. This, in turn, caused my blood work to be "out of whack" for weeks afterwards requiring supplementation to regain a normal electrolyte mineral balance Aside from that, I would love to see the staff trained and permitted to use fetal doppler monitors on pregnant women to relieve stress surrounding the state of the baby
As a XXXXXXXXXXXXX, I have observed so many changed in our health care systems. I feel the work load is tremendous for the few front line workers. Continue to worry about pt safety - especially med errors. The large number of administrators compared to hands on staff is so unfair I was attended to within a reasonable time frame, but I have witnessed horror stories.
As ever XXXXXX and also XXXXXXXXXXXX are busy hospitals, more so since covid struck. In all med. situations the personal attention is at times lacking, especially XXXXXXX its almost like Walmart, get what you want and get out!, but XXXXXXXX hospitals hospitality is always great! XXXXXX has to be recommended!
As follow up I was suppose to have a call from the cardiac rehab program. It has been a month and have not heard from them!
As my pain was only slight, I planned my emergency room visit at around 4am to avoid the long wait times during the day time and early evening.
As one of Jehovah's Witnesses I really appreciated the quality of care given to me by my physician. Dr. XXXXXX and his staff. His manner and skill was exceptional!
As ratted, therapists during my rehab were positive, encouraging, professional and helped me to gain strength and knowledge to manage after surgery. I did have some concerns when trying to solve some problems with a few rehab staff. In particular - I began having pain in the coccyx area which made sitting for long periods and lying on my back difficult. I tried to report and communicate this but some staff did not listen. One time, when I returned from physio in the wheelchair I asked to go to bed because my back was sore. The nurse replied that this was a rehab unit and I needed to stay sitting in the chair. I continued to report my coccyx pain but no one looked at it or took measures to ease things. I was discharged on XXXXXXXX, continuing to have pain in the area, making sitting difficult as well as lying on my back. On XXXXX I saw my family doctor, who on checking the coccyx, found an open pressure sore there. She immediately ordered wound treatment by XXXX which was started the next day and continues every 2 days. This is a completely avoidable situation, causing me a great deal of pain discomfort and delay in my recovery. It is also a cost to the health care system. Please make sure these comments are heard and listen to your patients. I am very upset.
As soon as I got admitted into hospital I asked for an epidural, which was at 6am. I didn't receive mine until 9am and had my son by 9:20am. I was 8cm dialated when they gave it to me, so the epidural did not kick in until after baby was born. Have an anesthesiologist at hospital at all times Was not impressed!
As you can tell I have no complaints about my care in the hospital. This is my third hosp stay in the last 3 years, and each stay has been a good experience.
At both XXXXXXXX + XXXXXX hospitals. Good care is provided.
At the time I visited the emerge dept on XXXXXXXXXX, the dept was "quick" so I did receive excellent immediate care. As the day was concluding, the dept. did get much much busier, yet the nurses continued to provide me with careful, considerate, compassionate service. The nurse, XXXX, at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, was demonstrating the highest level of patient care + concern for me, and the entire shift of nurses + Dr. XXXXXXXX were so conscientious and professional. Thank you
At the time I was there there were 4 people waiting when (he) dr left for 1/2 hr
At this time I'm still in continuing care
At times I thought they forgot about me in some waiting room all by myself
AT times they seem understaffed and other times, a whole lots of gossip? Great bunch of caring people though
At XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX most of the staff were good However the ones that weren't were awful. Dad was having problems causing him delirium Several times I would come to the hospital and his penis was exposed Diapers were not put on him He was treated as a bother and the awful nurse told him he was a bother because he needed help to go to the bathroom He'd ring the bell & his nurse wouldn't come He would try to use the bed pan or urinal and often pee on the floor She would be mad at him His diabetic wound dressings would be soaked in urine and not changed until I asked someone to do it when questioned about why he was exposed, dressings soaked in urine and no diaper She said he was to much work Although she had time to play candy crush at the nurses station I also had words with her because I heard her making fun of another patient when she was working he was no treated with dignity or respect We were also told he had to go home but he was to sick to go home XXXX was on holiday & assessment took a while so it was long period of time he was there Each day he was there the more it seemed as he was a bother Many of the staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is exceptional However there are a few nurses
Attentiveness lacking, hours passed before seen and admitted no food or water offered! Until doctor came in noone checked on her! When I looked for someone for extra blanket was told "We're very busy". Found on my own
Awesome - ! Thank you ! Well done!
Awesome job Keep up the great work!
Awesome job!! TYVM
Awesome nurses & great doctor! Very nice facility
Bathroom facilities caused some issues
Because I am from out of town, I felt that my preadmission visit could have easily been done over the phone Requisitions could have been emailed to me for labs + ECG to be done close to my home. Having recently retired as a XXXXXXXXXXX at a major hospital, we very often did this. Patient completed tests prior to phone visit so RN could assess. Thanks for your consideration P.S. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX could share their process with you Thanks again!
Because I couldn't breath + it wasn't that busy, the triage nurse immed. got to a room + gave me oxygen
Because I have had many surgeries and health problems, I was prescribed narcotics for pain. Unfortunately, I became addicted to opiates, therefore I am now on methadone to fight this addiction. I was never the typical drug addict ont he street, because I do have chronic pain and my pain medicine was prescribed by my doctor. I feel that in XXXXXX, we have a terrible problem with drug addiction to opiates. When I visit the emergency department and tell the nurse in triage and registration about my addiction to opiates, I feel that the nurse and sometimes doctors treat me differently. I have chronic health problems with severe pain and I am treated with less respect because of my addiction. Although I don't ask for pain meds, I have been told not to expect that I will be given pain meds during my visit or to take home. I feel that I am disrespected because another patient who doesn't have a drug addiction would never be warned that they will not receive pain meds. Believe me, I never thought I would be a drug addict because I never took drugs in my life, I don't fit the typical drug addict profile but I am treated as one. I feel bad enough about my addiction, but when I am treated this way at the hospital it makes me feel worse. I would recommend that your nurse and doctors be educated on drug addiction. Not all drug addicts chose to take drugs and abuse them, there are a lot of people in my situation that needed the pain meds and became addicted. We should not be treated as if we're going to the hospital just ot get drugs. I had a total hip replacement 3 years ago and I got an infection so I had to have the surgery redone because the infection was so severe, the surgeon left the incision open so it could heal from the inside out and drain. The wound was 12 inches long and 6 inches deep into my leg, it took 8 months for the wound to close completely. The pain was severe but my surgeon Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX sent me home with nothing for pain because I am a drug addict. I was told by other physicians that I should have reported him to the medical board, I was very fortunate because my family doctor was very caring and understood that I was not asking for pain meds to get high. I absolutely needed pain meds because the pain was so severe, but Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX didn't care. He was just concerned about prescribing to a junkie, that's how I feel when I am treated this way. It's a shame that medical professionals don't know anything about drug addiction, and that we're not all the junky on the street that they assume we are. If you would like to discuss this further, you may contact me at XXXXXXXXXXXXXX and ask for XXXXX, thank you
Because my procedure was cancelled previously, they took me as the last patient (overtime I think) and cancelled others. The anesthesiologist was very thorough with his questions.
Because my stay was during the Covid 19 issues, I felt safe and was impressed by the nurses actions and care I was given
Because of covid 19 ER dept not busy - but other times for my spouse extremely busy & I left him there to call me when to pick him up & nurses & drs very very good - very difficult job & appreciate them
Because of the Covid-19 pandemic and the time of night that I went to the Emergency Dept., I didn't have to wait long to be seen by a nurse/doctor. But I was treated well..
Because of the pandemic my family could not visit or spend time with me. I understood the reasoning for this so I was not upset by the rules. Nursing staff were very kind to me
Because the nursing home did not send all my medication for constipation problems, and my doctor couldn't e reached I was refused that particular laxative. Consequently, after several days, I had to have few remade manually. Terrible!
Bed had big dent in it
Beds were hard Food could be better
Beds were never changed or made for the week I was there. Didn't have a shower until the day before I left
Bedside manner could be more pleasant (nurse). Dr. I had a little problem with the accent
Before & after surgery. I would like to have more privacy while discussing my surgery (nature of surgery, my name & any details) so that not any one can listen & hear.
Before the COVID 10 it was took long time to wait. But during the COVID 19. It was took 20 min to 30 min. Thank you for all health worker.
Beginning of Covid
Being allowed to sleep as mush as I liked. The calorie in take was suitable, (unreadable) being considered.
Being from XXXXXX not familiar with the XXXXXXXXXXXX The volunteers are very helpful + go out of their way to make sure you know exactly where you need to go + will also go with you if you need them to.
Being in my XX's no one come to me about home care, meals, dressing oneself. Live alone
Being left in XXXXXX from 5 1/2 hours, finally an ambulance arrived around 10:00 from XXXXXX. Total waste of time + $ for them. Being admitted to XXXXXXXX, crazy ride completely professional!!
Being pregnant I was very concerned for the health of baby. Risks were explained very clearly & doctor was very patient while I made decisions. Nurses were exceptional in keeping me comfortable, beyond my expectations
Being there for 2 1/2 hrs + not seeing a doctor was very upsetting I got there between 6 + 630 AM and never saw or heard from any doctor
Best care I have ever received.
Best care received I have had two lumpectomies at XXX and you really should do a survey on those nurses! You also need a survey for your cancer clinic!
Best experience ever. Staff was excellent the night I went in The follow up staff the next day was terrible
Best hospital ever Best drs & nurses & help ever
Best nurses ever, kind considerate, professional I had knee replacement surgery
Best place ever.
Best wait time we have ever had usually wait much much longer. Great work!!!
Better (unreadable) ((unreadable) hospital (unreadable) did excellent) (unreadable) right here. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has system-(unreadable) removed our best people leaving a shadow it our service. Waiting for everything to (unreadable)
Better explanation of what to monitor and action to take Better communication with my community support and ensure I had necessary support
Better food on XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Better food.
Better preparation of patient discharge arrangements & information as to what is available in the community for help sooner notice of discharge date (a definite one).
Blood spots after cataract surgery.
Both times I was treated within five minutes. First time xray C scan within 25 minutes. Second time dr. examined me told me I needed MRI tell my dr. to arrange one for me.
Both XXX & XXXX are excellent nurses and koodooze to them -> make XXXXXXXXX look great XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXX
Busy
By 51 of the staff I had contact with (compared to 951 this time) during my recent stay, I felt a handful of staff were not able to treate me as a "person". I tried to rationalize this as them having a bad day or no one's perfect (same for me in my job) I was able to do this due to the intensive therapy I've been receiving outside the service offered in our community This therapy also helped me open up to the PSW/nurses
By the time I was checked in emergency department my episode passed (atrial fibrillation).
Cafeteria 'hours' should be extended for family members during nights & weekends.
Call me XXXXXXXXXXXX
Came home on XXXXXXXX Still needing cast & assistance due to fractured leg (L)!
Came to emerg in ambulance from a car accident Had neck and back pain Doctor said it would go away in a couple of days with barely looking at us. Pain didn't go away Had to get family doctor to send me to physio for 10 weeks.
Can no say enough about the excellent care and service "Thank you"
Cancer patient staff have been so considerate and kind so thankful for our Health Care System.
Can't say enough good things about all the hospital for the size of our city I think everyone does an amazing job We are so lucky to have it
Can't say enough good things about our hospital for the size of XXXXXX It is amazing all of the staff seem to be intent on making you feel you're in the best hands at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Care by dr was great, reception was great but one nurse was rude and the wait time was terrible, 4 hrs for facial stitches when there was only 5 patients in the ER and I was (my son) 3rd in line.
Care is fantastic Staff excellent I gave this hospital 10 plus one the nurses EM excellent
Care was excellent Just not enough communicated from dr's to our family due to Covid 19. The were not allowed to be in the hospital at anytime to talk to nurses or drs.
Care was good, wait was long, patient room was very dirty - bedding not clean, ants crawling all over the floor (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX)
Care was great but had to come back th next day for an ultrasound Why do you close that department early on weekends? When u/s did call on the XXXXXX they were great!
Certainly not a good experience. 10wks - Dr excellent, some nurses excellent, very noisy no sleep, food awful, left alone for hours, bed hardly ever changed.
Certainly, in general I would like to say thank you to all staffs - doctors, nurses, and all who have come to me (unreadable) workers & others. Thank you for your questionnaire survey, especially for patients young or old who needed medical help like me.
Chairs in waiting area should be wiped down after each visit - during Covid
Changing rooms numerous times Med reconciliation - didn't have some of my meds Timeliness of certain aspects of care.
Charge nurse XXXXXXX went out of her way to assist in supporting me when the delivery went in a way I had not planned (no epidural) I was scared and in pain and she made a huge difference by encouraging and reassuring me when things got rough
Chief surgeon seldom visited Other doctors excellent
Classy, well run hospital with excellent caregivers.
Clean many hand sanitizers comfortable chairs good parking early access
Cleaner hallways.
Cleaning staff and nurses where top notch - always helpful also the women in the physio where great!
Close PT room doors when bodies are being taken to morgue. Palliative care @ XXX very good. Wonderful staff!
Cold food.
Comfortable & informed.
Communication around medication between nurses ie problem with night time medication - some confusion around dosage
Communication between hospitals is poor. I was transferred to XXXXXX and it took my wife 3 days to find me. She got a rude phone call demanding she pick up my stuff and she had to hunt me down herself. I had other experiences like this.
Communication between nurses & patients and family was awful.
Communication between patient & patient family in advance not the day of a change or I was done and family had to find me/locate me left hand did not know what right hand was doing no communication with family or miss told family was told different than patient.
Communication is an issue Staff are very busy and this can make them forgetful.
Completely happy with my visit.
Completely satisfied. - Excellent care.
Completely wrong diagnosis of what our daughter was ailing from. Dr ignored all our list of symptoms, her fingertips were peeling off and we were told contact dermatitis ... she had Kawasaki disease scarily missed.
Concerns More information in some areas - ie Average # of weeks I would need physio Approximate time I would need to heal Use of a tourniquet which later mimicked blood clot discomfort which in turn increased my anxiety. I experienced a wild stretcher ride to surgery the bedrails on the stretcher kept me from rolling off. Also crashed into things along the way I kept. My eyes closed as I dislike being on a moving stretcher. More time is needed to get people moved about. Staff that reached over me rather than go around and work from the other side. Thank you.
Confusion? PSW RN or other attending me as a patient?? Uniforms - night nurse only one - day nurse dressed inappropriately certainly not clinical. Had to ask for info as I wsa not familiar with hospital procedures. After 24 hrs, I asked for a wash cloth. Could not get to wash rm - hooked up net.
Considering I spent 13 days in the hospital, I was well taken care of. Nursing staff went above & beyond to ensure I received the best medical care possible.
Considering I was hospitalized during the Covid-19 pandemic my hospital stay was amazing and beyond my expectations. I believe we are blessed to have such fantastic medical care available in our community. If you use medical availability appropriately we have the best, emergency is not to be used as a doctors office and if people adhered to this our waits and treatment would be that much smoother and faster. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, you have always been there for me when I have needed you. Thank you also to my GP Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX who treats me with humour, compassion and professionalism. Thank you to Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX and Dr. XXXXX, both were kind, professional and educated in my situation. Thank you to the nurses, ultrasound, xray and CT scan technicians, all were exceptional and heroes during this time of unknowns during the pandemic.
Considering the number of patients they were dealing with and the moderate level of my injury, I consider 5 1/2 hrs for this visit to be appropriate.
Considering the number of people seeking treatment that day I praise the staff for their efforts to get to each person as quickly as they did. As a retired RN they all deserve a raise. There were over 25 before I got there & they were still registering after I arrived. XXXXXXXXX
Considering there were few patients waiting the waiting time to get a doctor was quite long.
Considering with the virus that's going on. Everyone was friendly as I know they are busy tried. Every friendly nurses.
Continue your excellent services & care.
Corona virus pandemic was going on at time of visit.
Could improve food choices & amt of food - ask if patient needs more or larger portions of food. We as a family had to bring in food for our mom because she was hungry!
Could not believe how many healthcare workers have cell phones at work stations and using during their work hours. My stay was great and XXXXXXXXX has amazing staff.
Could not have been better or more effective.
Could not have been treated better Thank you
Could not have had a better hospital experience! "First time in hospital in 65 years". Thanks.
Could there be any more?
Couldn't have had any better experience. Everyone I met was courteous, friendly & compassionate even during the COVID 19 issue.
COVID 19 caused some problems in that family was unavailable. Poor hearing caused some problems and everyone was just too busy to bother with some issues. If familiar can't come in for COVID - please find some way to keep them informed!
COVID has made breathing issues very scary and emerg. They sent us home with a XX yr old having breathing/swallowing issues, with no answers. Very scary, wouldn't give her a treatment.
Covid protocols for infection control were evident except for patient use of washroom - no obvious attendant cleaning after each use chairs in waiting room were wiped after each use
COVID resulted in a very lonely hospital stay. It also lessened the information provided by family members about the patient.
COVID-19 dictated a lot of the circumstances around my surgery, surgery was postponed for about 3 mths because of COVID-19
Cystoscopy was unsuccessful due to scar tissue follow-up surgery performed XXXXXX - good results.
Day after I left the hospital I had cellulitis and was hospitalized. 2 days later in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for 8 days had to return to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for complications + Dr. XXXXXXXX was physician on call did not explain nothing + cranked my leg back with out even telling me he was going to do it, + why, never said nothing, signed a paper + walked out. Not a good bedside manner.
Definitely need more surgeons. The wait period was way too long. It puts a lot of stress on the patients. The waiting room was very small and one could really feel claustrophobic there. It would have been a good thing if there had been time to speak with the surgeon before the procedure.
Department and nurses were great! Had recently had tonsils out and had complications and was dehydrated. Nurses made sure to offer anything they could to comfort me and to keep my throat feeling pain free.
Departure date set too early. Needed more physio for further recovery & prevention (dangerous). Those in charge: Never really listened. As a strong citizen I felt rejected between 2 dangerous, major surgeries much stress! Much risk. Went home too soon.
Despite Covid 19 pandemic, staff + services were as I expected. Meals were hot and tasty. Lots of variety Staff were great I still have further testing to learn what my medical condition requires. Thank you.
Despite having discharge from both my eyes and my right ear, and being in a lot of pain, I was brushed off as 'just having a cold' and was offered no treatment at all. I had to go and source my own over the counter medication just to get any relief. The last time I came to the hospital with an ear infection I think it was handled well, but this time I literally just wasted my time...
Did not appreciate being left in an (unreadable). Exam room for over 1 1/2 hrs with nobody telling me when I would be seen to dr, at least, what is going on in my case or at (unreadable) who would be attending.
Did not appreciate being left on a bed or chair with no blanket or pillow and feeling very very cold for hours nor anyone coming to check on me!
Did not approve or agree with the care on call pediatrician provided made our hospital stay longer and more stressful due to quick assumptions. Will not deliver 2nd child due to poor experience here, nurses were amazing & very knowledgeable! Thankful they were there.
Did not get "diagnosis" just a prescriptions
Did not get to see a doctor I had to leave went to work in clinic in XXXXXX.
Did not have a dietician visit me Food was always cold etc veggies, pancakes - could not eat food as it was cold. Not appealing Always got (unreadable) Do not drink tea Fruit was very rarely on tray. Toast never - eggs were not real eggs - sandwiches were rarely served. Salad once Always got margarine - butter is better for you - neither is of any use when food is always cold
Did not know what kind of medication I was being given at the hospital at all. I wish these doctors would please let the patient know what they are being given.
Did not like being moved to so many different rooms during my stay @ my age XX was very upsetting.
Did not like the fact to put blood & vomit into the garbage can in the ER waiting room.
Didn't always get to wash before breakfast as couldn't go to bathroom had jerry chair
Didn't know there was a unit in the hospital that gave such good care.
Didn't receive follow-up from dr.
Dietary continued to not bring me meal trays Also all the extra plastic packing on the food tray is very unnecessary and the use of foam cups is horrible for the environment. Encouraging people to bring in their own reusable cup would be more environmentally friendly and more cost effective!
Dietary dept is great Best hospital food I've ever had in many stays over last 58 years No complaints
Dietary Dept needs improvement am diabetic - far too many carbohydrates served Was not given identification card for pacemaker.
Dieticians should come the next day. So you don't get food you don't eat and it is thrown out. Straws should be on the cart and only given out when you need them. Dirty laundry should not be left on bathroom floor. I tripped over it Laundry bags should be in bathrooms
Disappointed in lack of communication between the hospital + family doctor. GP unable to get information from hospital stay two weeks after release re medication and care.
Disappointed since other visits over the years have been okay. The doctor on call was ? I would drive somewhere else if he was on call.
Disappointed with emerg care. Arrived in triage with 212 blood pressure. Heaviness in chest was left to sit in emerg for 2 hours to wait turn despite BP & HR staff told of family history of heart attacks No aspirin given
Discharge was awful! Bed was needed so they told me I had to wait in waiting room for my ride I was a surgical patient - very uncomfortable sitting up no help packing up my belongings! Had asked discharge nurse in morning what time, as my spouse was 1 hour away. Given time & another nurse decided she needed bed & told me I had to leave room in 10 minutes. This all happened while my discharge nurse went on break.
Disclaimer Hard to answer these questions without thinking back to a time I was treated extremely poorly b/c I was experiencing symptoms similar to alcohol poisoning - staff attitude changed significantly to the negative at that time. In general though staff seem burnt out and as if morale is low.
Do not appreciate being left alone, even tho it is for corona protection. Felt my husband should have been with during the waiting time
Do not cut any more RN positions please. RN's, not RPNs in ER. Thank you
Do not give (unreadable) patient toradol, usaid or ibuprofen. Creates more lasting pain, reoccurring pain plus those drugs have been proven to mimic symptoms. The last thing I want is hospitalization under false pretenses! This disease sucks enough without medical help!!!
Do not leave us in limbo for several hours doing nothing
Do not send any more crap like this Why would my gender
Do not unfairly profile patients. The Asian male nurse was incredibly rude and hurtful. Injected Ketamine into my arm even after I told him of negative side effects I'd experienced before.
Doctor & nurses where very cordial
Doctor could have seen me more often Nurses were great
Doctor knew exactly what MY problem was in a few minutes, and prescribed medicine which helped with the pain. Could not have asked for anything more, except I had to make an APT for the following day to get an x-ray.
Doctor was absolutely not there for our care until good and ready. I would appreciate if emergencies were coming in but not the case. From my seat in waiting I could see the doctor. 3 or 4 people waiting 3, 4, 5 hours. It was like how dare us for showing up New doctor please Please feel free to call. XXXXXXXX
Doctor was funny + efficient. Desk nurse got my son a popsicle. Triage nurse was having a bad day, it happens.
Doctor was very dismissive of my concerns ended up going to my GP for follow up They agreed with my concerns and gave me additional antibiotics and infection finally cleared up Worse health care experience for me ever
Doctor was very rude about why I was there and then shamed me for causing harm to my eye.
Doctor was very short with me and I had difficulty understanding her. She left to answer a phone call from other doctor + never returned. Thankful that nurse was awesome + very experienced. Much more helpful than dr.!
Doctor were called out for a emergency ambulance call I had to wait longer.
Doctor XXXXX + physio gave 3x too much physio and I went backwards when I went home. Home physio couldn't get over how much I was pushed with physio and how far back I was from being over pushed and doctors are not looking at each individual patient and what they can/cannot do
Doctor XXXXXX was/is a excellent physician He was very knowledgeable and visited frequently during my stay. He has all the qualities of an excellent surgeon/physician Also very luck he diagnosed me during stage one!
Doctors & nurses 8 and hospital staff 10.
Doctors & nurses were nice Wait time was too long Very disappointed that some tests (like a CAT scan) wasn't done I have been in pain since waiting for a scope. My doctor has now ordered a CAT scan Why wasn't this done when I went to emerg Again very disappointed with our medical system I should not have to suffer like this for 3 months plus it is inhumane (I was sent home & told to take pepto bismol for my severe stomach pain
Doctors and nurses both professional and compassionate. COVID - 19 protocol in place. Efficient information and referrals given for follow-up care.
Doctors and nurses were amazing, very helpful and supportive.
Doctors are busy I understand some nurses don't have people skills, understanding to the person current health issue and don't help because of that people are human just and how can I help
Doctors didn't bother to review symptoms or injury - they took a guess and sent me away - and their guess was WRONG
Doctors hard to understand sometimes.
Doctors' punctuality - More comfortable rooms (they look like jail cells)
Doctors should write reports etc. in a more readable understanding.
Doctors were confused on things Said I had a stroke All tests came out negative No indication of stroke I still have pain in my left arm which is not diagnosed after staying in hospital for 3-4 days.
Doesn't want to leave until she feels ready.
Doing a good job, extra MD during night would help
Doing excellent job during this COVID crisis adjusting excellently.
Don't contact me again with "random" surveys I'm not interested XXXXXXXXX
Don't go into lock down --> it sucks.
Don't like one size paper uniform/slippers
Don't want to go back!
Downfall/emergency just as name implies *Prioritize by each case separate and shorten wait times Ex. Ambulance/sprained ankle (ex only)!! Hrs/hrs not acceptable
Dr called away near end of visit ie 6:30 PM so long wait to hear results. Told me there were gallstones about 9 PM + if I wanted they could give me a referral (but that would take more time!) so I said since seeing GP in week would ask him. Unfortunately he sees a bit of a different diagnoses so still no referral!
Dr did not check my ears, resulting in another next day ambulance trip. Found out I had ear infection making me dizzy.
Dr had "no" time at all for patients.
Dr requested therapy to start two days after surgery we did not know that there was a 3 wk wait to get in for therapy. Not good Not everyone has private coverage, for this drs should let patients know about the wait time or at least be aware of the wait time & not ask for therapy to start ASAP when it won't happen
Dr that was working the day I was there could soften his approach when speaking with patients - didn't inform enough
Dr was cold in his manner towards me No warning - When he began the procedure and was disrespectful to staff nurses - Rushed manner - I am an RN - felt sorry for nurses attending
Dr was good except I fell + my arm really hurt All they gave me was Tylenol + on XXXXXX no pain relievers prescrip. until I saw dr on XXXXXX. Turns out my rotator cup torn found 2 mths after Maybe an MRI at hospital instead of x-ray would have saved me unnecessary pain.
Dr was new to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - but was very good
Dr XXX is phenomenal. Very pleasant, knowledgeable and professional.
Dr XXXXX was the doctor my daughter saw and he was incredible We sent XXX a facebook message on the interaction we witnessed of him helping a young lady far from the states He goes above and beyond for his patients!
Dr XXXXXX, ER doctor went above and beyond to ensure I was provided the care I needed. He and the staff working the day I came in were absolutely amazing. I am also grateful to Dr XXXXXXXX and the staff on the floor. My only mediocre experience was when I came back from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, I was taken to green zone ER bed before being transferred to the floor. It seemed the nurse and doctor working were overworked and possibly understaffed. I needed immediate attention due to the severity of my injuries and they were unable to provide this to me. I perhaps should have transferred back to red zone or yellow to ensure I was given proper care.
Dr XXXXXXX & the ER nurses were AMAZING with our young daughter in what was a very anxious experience for us. They explained everything! She received exceptional care!
Dr XXXXXXX is an excellent doctor
Dr XXXXXXXX is an excellent Urologist, he is very approachable and easy to talk to.
Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXX is incredible and goes above and beyond. Couldn't be happier with my choice of doctor
Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the best!!! XXXXXXXXXXXX
Dr. was very nice but misdiagnosed me gave me two expensive prescriptions that I did not need that made me sick Follow up appointment with my GP confirmed wrong diagnosement.
Dr. XXX is excellent. He cares and listens & always explains as much as he can. I always feel very safe when he is treating my family and myself.
Dr. XXX prescribed a medication in an amount not safe for a pregnant woman (I was 32 weeks pregnant) I had to follow up with my family doctor as I could not get in + out with of the ER to ask for a modified dosage.
Dr. XXX was very great in treating my symptoms and further tests. I felt he really listened to me.
Dr. XXXX and Dr. XXXXX were very instrumental in getting my health issue corrected in a very short time. I am very impressed with the drs and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX here in XXXXXX. XXXXXXXXXXXX
Dr. XXXX was amazing, we were there for my son. He broke his arm. He was nice & his bedside manner was great! Thank you for being great to a very young patient!
Dr. XXXXX and staff were wonderful, the complicated nature of the procedure was handled beautifully and therefore my recovery was much easier. All day surgery staff were amazing, thank you.
Dr. XXXXX excellent doctor
Dr. XXXXX is amazing as well as my labor & delivery nurse I think her name was XXXXX ... She never left my side besides breaks and was very helpful & explained everything that was going on. As first time having baby was an excellent experience
Dr. XXXXX was a wonderful caring doctor who in my opinion, puts his patient first
Dr. XXXXX was amazing! We did not have a good experience with one of our nurses (XXXXXXXXXXXXX) - when I was upset I could not have a cigarette for over 8 hrs. She referenced me to a mental health PT. Felt like she mistreated me because of my tattoos when I asked for pain medication. After the dressing was pulled out + before I left she told me I was lucky to receive them because it was every 4 hrs it was 4 min until 4 hours.
Dr. XXXXX was extremely friendly, professional, caring and informative. I also receive a referral to Dr. XXXXX who was also fantastic & provided excellent care
Dr. XXXXX was incredible. Absolutely wonderful care. I really appreciated her bedside manner as well as how quickly and effectively, she diagnosed and treated me. XXXXXXXXXXXX a nurse went out of his way to get an apple juice in case the medicine took tasted bad. Thank you!
Dr. XXXXX was quick to give me the care I needed my nurses were great, as well as my step in midwife COVID protocols were essential but made the experience more lonely and secluded than our first 3 years ago. I felt like we were safe though. So that's what mattered.
Dr. XXXXXX is excellent. Just a check up.
Dr. XXXXXX she was absolutely amazing!
Dr. XXXXXX usually sees me to drain excess fluid from my stomach. But he was not there. I was in some pain but the doctor who saw me said it did not need drained. I was in some pain and he prescribed a pain killer.
Dr. XXXXXX was amazing and his hospitality was phenomenal and he made me feel at home.
Dr. XXXXXX was wonderful!
Dr. XXXXXXX did you follow up with Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. We went to see Dr. XXXXXXXX he did not know anything.
Dr. XXXXXXX is an excellent dr. Best urologist I've ever seen. And I've seen a few
Dr. XXXXXXXX is amazing@ Kind, caring, very knowledgeable, spends time with patients and answers all questions Unfortunately a situation happened that involved a ER doctor That ER doctor broke confidentiality with staff in ER about me Not knowing what fully happened, I was upset, mad, embarrassed to hear through the chain something opposite to what I was told.
Dr. XXXXXXXX is excellent Very personable, concerned and good at explaining everything. I had to wait quite a while in the recovery area - but that was because there were other patients having issues. So my nurse had to go assist with them, which is completely understandable
Dr. XXXXXXXX was an exceptionally wonderful doctor. Nurses and staff are highly praised. Just like being given the run around with no answers to my problem. No answers!! My family doctor (Dr. XXXXXXXX) finally recommended pacemaker. Now a nurse practitioners finding some improvement since being done by Dr. XXXXX Was so sick for 2 years and getting worse day by day
Dr. XXXXXXXX was in every day including XXX and XXX. I am so glad he has hospital privileges.
Dr. XXXXXXXXX is such a valuable asset & excellent surgeon He takes the time to explain everything in detail
Dr. XXXXXXXXX was on call in XXXXXXXX. They called her because I was there for a blood clot and never did come in. Nurse XXXXXXXXXXXXX took care of me. I ended up in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. This location XXXXXXXXXXXX
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX is the only person I had any issues with He was my physician while in stroke rehab He refused to talk to me other than "1 time" during my whole stay. Terrible arrogant man who explains nothing. If you question him he basically says - that's the way it is. Thank God for the rest of the wonderful nurses and rehab team! He needs to learn how to talk to people and/or families after person has a stroke. He never came back in my room to speak to me from XXXXXXXXXXXX to and including XXXXXXXX
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX did a good job on getting me back to good health. He should be up for a raise. XXXXXXXXXXX
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX was our doctor in emerge on this visit. We were very pleased with his care and medication choice, for our XXX year old son.
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is an excellent doctor. He cares about his patients and explains things you understand, and he doesn't rush a person through - he came to recovery to see me.
Drs & nurses excellent have no complaints.
Drs exam was inadequate went by what I had told him only and decided his diagnosis
Dr's XXXXX and Dr. XXXXXXXX were wonderful. I felt very well cared for. The nurses were very caring. I am a XXXXX (retired) and feel that makes a difference - I have an understanding of treatment - The unit helper on 4th was exceptional as was dietary my surroundings were also well cleaned!
Due to a stroke a was placed on a rehab floor. Staff very good except the doctor I was assigned at no time came to see me or discuss my treatment and/or meds until I complained and he finally visited. I was to take to emerg by ambulance x2 - once sent home and once almost sent home. Both doctors that examined me knew very little medicine. If the first doctor had taken the time to listen to the patient maybe a different outcome would have occurred not very impressed
Due to Covid 19 and no family members were allowed in for support or assistance - everyone went out of their way to be supportive and helpful.
Due to COVID I was not able to have the family & friends I would have liked to have with me
Due to covid only one person allowed and that person can go once at home or outside the hospital which is not good. At least 2 person should be allowed for care with the patient and there should be id card which can be used to enter in the building
Due to liver/hi ammonia confusion played big part. *But was helped through this by all doctors + nurses but one. 3 days in emerg before bed available felt very left out + no help.
Due to my local I prefer XXX emergency for expeditious visits unfortunately my dr advises XXXXXXXXXXXXXX which has ridiculous long waiting queues.
Due to the covid 19 the emergency dept was quiet. It is always full other times. the wait was short and the service excellent.
During COVID restrictions, adult patients should have the option of having a person accompany them
During COVID-19 - difficult time, the hospital stay was great experience
During labour my anesthesiologist on call XXXXXXXX would not allow my midwife to stay in the room during my epidural. I was not impressed with this and really could have used her support as the nurse I had did not support me like I needed
During my 4 day stay I never bath until day 4. I also don't recall having the bedding changed
During my 5 day I was always treated with respect, caring service by Drs, nurses and staff that certainly rated XXX no 1 for me.
During my admission I disclosed that I have a food allergy to peas, I was served chicken pot pie which contained peas. I ate some of it before I realized they were in there. When I called the nurses to tell them about it they didn?t seem to care.
During my c-section I got a burn on my back. The nurses I had were good to treat the burn and to try and figure out what happened but I felt that at some point I was not being told something. I was told someone from anesthesiology would come talk to me but no one did. I had to keep asking about it isn't of people coming to check on it. I know that this wasn't the reason for my hospital stay but I don't want this to happen again. I now have a scar from it.
During pre-op visit nurse taking blood missed artery and left a large hematoma that took a couple of week to heal. - Nurse doing discharge made disparaging remarks about private nursing heatlh caring provider I had arrange leaving me quite upset!!!
During the 8 hrs I was in ER no one asked me if I would like water or needed food I finally asked after 6 hrs and was given a pop + sandwich
During the Covid crisis it felt difficulty hard to follow & understand constantly changing protocol
During the ultrasound procedure I mentioned severe pain in my side When told to roll over the person doing the ultrasound told me to "do it myself" "don't depend on us" I just thought she was rude and disrespectful!!
DUring time in hospital, my husband was allowed to wait in a room I was promised by several people that he would be notified about surgery when done - it didn't happen I didn't know for 2 days!
Easiness to clean my hands Facility to find places Big help and politeness of staff
ED doctor bedside manner was very much appreciated I was experience miscarriage symptoms - he addressed the worry I was feeling even though I didn't express it thank you dr
Efficient. Caring. Dr. XXXXX was excellent.
Emerg Doctors did more socializing with nurses and themselves at the desk they could have seen two patients in the time they were talking to each other (not impressed) wanted to open my curtain and say something to them! All stalls were full of people.
Emerg visit, plus MRI appointment next day amazing. Still waiting to hear from a surgeon to book scope.
Emerg was excellent I am not sure why question #44 is of any value
Emerg was very busy so was put in triage dept. & sat there for 5 - 6 hrs. Nobody came around till my daughter phoned from XXXXXX, concerned as to where/how I was doing. All employee were great except for no care for such a long time. 
Emergency - I was septic temperature 40 degrees celsius Triage made me wait 3 hours before seeing a dr. What do they feel is an emergency er staff - rude and uncaring
Emergency department I to long a wait. I time taken forever staff short tempered.
Emergency Department was very busy with children & adults suffering with cold-flu symptoms. If you didn't have symptoms, most likely you would pick up germs having to sit next or near a sick person coughing. Some refusing to wear a mask or clean hands. No separation re. illness.
Emergency dept needs a better way to decide who needs care - I was weak and shaking uncontrollably - waited 4 hours Also that area you wait in is a germ filled box - How about a clean air so cross infectious are reduced
Emergency dept needs some attention to the fact we are people not numbers
Emergency physician was going to discharge me which was unacceptable so I refused and threatened to go to another hosp. My stay was close to two weeks.
Emergency room wait too slow. Was told only one doctor on duty. Hours too slow.
Emergency room was over crowded due to cold & flu outbreak.
Emergency room was throw processing me by 8:00pm didn't get into a room & bed until 3:00pm what seemed to be a long time.
Emergency room was very cold. There was no offer of blanket. Because it was summer I did not have a coat or sweater to put on.
Emergency rooms are always full no matter what hospital you seem to visit?! There could be a lot more better solutions for the waiting time if its a walk in emerg not an appointment like mine was. 3-4 hrs seems quite unreasonable for waiting time just to see a doctor?
Emergency Someone need to tell the paramedic in Emerg is for to look after the sick - Not meet and great and chit-chat Talk loud and laugh at everyones - Sad quality by the (unreadable)
Emergency staff wonderful ICU staff top shelf great job after that down hill fast overall would give XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX a 2 our of 10. Need work but still a good hospital
Emergency stay is too long. But once I got upstairs on 4th floor medicine I was treated well, food was good, care was good my young night nurse brought me a tea at 8 pm I thought she was wonderful. I think her name was XXXXXX? OT was great as was everyone else Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX was excellent
Emergency surgery
Emergency treatment was slow, dr was present in the dept. But did not attend to me til late afternoon, and then berated myself and husband for having too long for calling for an ambulance
Emergency wait times are horrible moving from one wait room to another is horrible, drs should focus more on patient needs than the number of people they can get in and out fast enough for more money! Horrible bedside manner
Envelop too small
ER - 2 hr in pain before a Dr came. Nurses said they couldn't do anything - what are there for? ICU nurses are excellent - well trained and very caring Surgical ward was freezing some good nurses some not so good Horrible experience going home - no one could come & help I was dressed as fast as possible and shoved out in the cold to be picked up.
ER - treated me terribly! Filed complaint with patient advocate. Who said she would get back to me - did she mean this year or when?? If her report about ER poor care and respect for patients please sent to XXXXXXXXX c/o XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
ER doctor was sending me home - ended up there 3 1/2 wks If not for volunteers, hospital would be very understaffed Rehab was exceptional
ER doctors really didn't care some were great. On the floor the doctors were good, kind but never found cause of sickness - I saw people sent home to early I really feel you need doctor's to work as a team some doctor say they'd would be back to talk to you & you lay on ER room hours sick went to your hospital 2 days later was admitted in XXXXXX - why??? say you have to wait for a bed and all those empty rooms when you got there available it's a shame - ER doctor's should be consulting with each other. They are lovely nurses that one kind and some not so -
ER nurse XXXXXXXXX is amazing and dr was great Everyone else was cruel From guest services to nurses to volunteers all due to my disability which gives me a mask exemption I was treated like I was not even a person
ER nursing staff is the least friendly Their level of care was fair at best From a couple of ER visits, nurses seem jaded or dulled and lacked sincerity
ER visits are best between 4-6 AM
ER wait times are way to long.
ER wasn't very busy at time of my visit.
Even though my visit took 6 hrs I felt they were investigating by running the blood work, EKG + CT scan. Dr. XXXXX was wonderful at explaining + reassuring my that things were OK.
Even with COVID circumstances, Dr. XXXXXX's office contacted me and did an interview over the phone. They scheduled the two procedures with XXX on a fairly quick timeline.
Even with this virus I felt completely safe
Every aspect of care was great, from emergency, physio & occupational, xray, nursing, med doctors, dietary, etc keep up the good work!
Every health care professional was caring, friendly and compassionate. It was an amazing experience and in felt so confident in my care
Every medical professional I became in contact with treated me with respect and gave me excellent medical advice.
Every person that cared for me was professional and also very kind I am grateful for their help. XXXXXXXXX
Every time has been a very long wait and for pain took a long time to get something. I have acute pancreatitis and cirrhosis with extreme pain but got treated like I was a drug addict seeking meds I've been sick since I was very young - showed lists of ten meds I'm on yet still didn't get help fast. It's been a different experience all times
Every time I come, you misdiagnose me or a family member - I will probably never come back. XXXXXXXX isn't too far to get better results and service. I have gone elsewhere for real results after this visit in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - thanks.
Every time I have needed to go to this ER for any reason I have had great service - even if it is a busy night and there is a long wait - and they are always polite, patient and understanding even if I am the patient/parent Thank you.
EVERY VISIT I HAVE MADE TO EMERGE THE WAIT TIME IS 3+ HOURS THAT IS UNACCEPTABLE AND I HEAR IT FROM MANY PEOPLE!
Every was very good, except the dr. was somewhat pretty rude.
Everybody that was involved with my procedure was very professional, kind and considerate with me and my mother. This includes the staff at the doors and when we first entered and at registration and the staff on the day surgery floor A job well done by all involved
Everyone at the hospital went out of their way to help and keep me comfortable and safe. Good.
Everyone at XXX was kind, caring and respectful. The appeared to work as a team helping each other to provide comprehensive care. I am very impressed with my hospital stay and post hospital followup.
Everyone from the EMs workers to the porter who took me for the CAT scan were friendly, courteous and made sure I knew what was happening to me or around me
Everyone I was involved with from XXXXXXXX to XXXXXXXX were excellent. The nurses were great everyone of them. Physio people were great my whole stay was great doctors all I thank you. XXXXXXXXXXX
Everyone involved during my stay were very kind and supportive.
Everyone involved with my surgery was wonderful
Everyone is friendly & helpful.
Everyone of the emerg personnel were very friendly & helpful during my visit. I don't know what they could have done better & more I highly praise each of them
Everyone there was kind and thoughtful
Everyone treated me very kindly.
Everyone very nice Very busy day time what can be noisy. Dr. XXXXXXXXXX bedside manner wasn't the best but a good surgeon
Everyone was courteous & professional Thanks
Everyone was excellent
Everyone was following Covid-19 protocols very well; I felt safe
Everyone was great Excellent birth experience. Thank you
Everyone was kind and willing to help me. I've had 3 accidents this fall and the emergency help me greatly
Everyone was pleasant, care was excellent, would recommend Blue Water Health to anyone, thank you for the care!
Everyone was pleasant. Room was clean. Bed were clean. Food was good.
Everyone was super kind and helped me out a lot with my beautiful baby
Everyone was there for me because with COVID I couldn't get a doctors visit. And they continue to care for me until I am used to the changes I'm experiencing Thank you
Everyone was top notch. Great people
Everyone was very compassionate towards me.
Everyone was very helpful & kind. The food was quite good but quite often not hot. I felt the bathroom & rooms could have been cleaned more often - not thorough or very clean.
Everyone was very helpful and respectful!
Everyone was very helpful the atmosphere was good.
Everyone was very kind
Everyone was very kind and helpful and made me feel comfortable.
Everyone was very kind. It was just really slow. I always dread the ER for that reason only!! And only go if I have to
Everyone was very nice
Everyone was very nice but I was glad to get home.
Everyone was very patient and kind, from the ambulance to XXXXXXX to XXXXXX to then XXXXXXXX because XXXXXX had no beds.
Everyone was very professional and courteous I cannot believe how hard our health care team works. There is no sitting around doing nothing like some professionals
Everyone was very sweet and comforting. The X-ray tech and another nurse took time to show an explain the X-rays to XXXX and me Thank you so much! Stay safe.
Everyone was wonderful
Everyone went out of their way to make my stay happy and successful, especially the nurses
Everyone working was too concerned about their social lives to help me in the amount of time I believe I should have bene helped. They would just sit and talked to each other.
Everything & everyone was excellent except the surgeon and the actual procedure I was instructed to take two tylenols (unreadable), and the doctor made me feel as though I was not 'strong' or 'tough' enough to take the pain of a vasectomy
Everything before + following surgery was very well organized. I needed tests pre op, they were very fast + I felt very safe during each of the 3 tests. All staff I encountered were kind, informative + helpful. Thank you!
Everything was "A" ok.
Everything was amazing
Everything was done in a quick and professional manner. Thank you.
Everything was fantastic once I got triaged. Unfortunately I arrived @ 1045 + was screened for Covid and then wasn't triaged till 1230. Almost 2 hours and no one knew I was there, not registered. Done to keep numbers ie wait times looking good but it is false.
Everything was fine except one evening - a nurse came to change my IV I told her to be careful because my skin is so thin she did not listen, she continued to rip the bandage off and my skin went with it I was livid my daughter was called to the hospital to calm me down we did complain to XXXXXXXXXX, because my arm was so bad I had to go for 2 weeks to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for treatment on my arm.
Everything was fine.
Everything was good except the waiting to see a doctor is way too long!
Everything was good! Thank you!
Everything was great until we got involved with the "LHIN" - that's where all the problems are!
Everything was great!!
Everything was great. Couldn't ask for better care.
Everything was great. I had no problem at all.
Everything was over and above excellent
Everything was perfect I didn't mind my stay at all
Everything was perfect!
Everything was professional and very good. Thank you
Everything was well organized and performed in a professional manner. Many thanks.
Everything went as should have.
Everything went great but because my surgery was later than expected I did feel like I was rushed out at 6:45. I was very dizzy and nauseous. I just wanted to stay in the bed for a little longer Every time I moved I felt like I was going to throw up. Nurses grabbed all of the belongings and then brought me downstairs, in a wheelchair to meet my husband I was the last patient to leave. Everything on the floor was dark After they said goodbye they went to their own vehicles and left.
Everything went well Thank you X
Everything/activities were not available at the weekends why? Balcony off TV room was locked and closed. Why? If unsafe raise money to fix.
Everytime I've been there they nurse were very efficient and prompt. The doctors were informative and on time.
Excellence in all aspects
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent & attentive staff that made the experience wonderful!
Excellent Best hospital in XXXXXXX!
Excellent birthing experience with second child. Thank you labour & delivery nurses & Dr. XXXXX.
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care -
Excellent care - no complaints. On nurse in particular who discharged me on XXXXXXXXXXXX was most helpful and efficient. Sorry I don't know her name. Thank you!
Excellent care - staff & nurses exceptional
Excellent care & experience
Excellent care & great level of concern/compassion from all hospital staff.
Excellent care 24 hrs day from all staff
Excellent care and food was good. Keep up good work.
Excellent care Be proud of your staff
Excellent care Friendly - knowledgeable staff
Excellent care from all the hospital stay. Dr. XXXXX is exceptional I would highly recommend both the dr and the staff for their care & professionalism.
Excellent care given.
Excellent care great staff (top to bottom)
Excellent care in Emerg by physician. Ordered tests & saw we needed care at home & received homecare upon being released.
Excellent care -Professional service
Excellent care provided - thankfully a short wait time during a hard time. Friendly nurses and doctor providing care.
Excellent care thank you
Excellent care while at XXXXXXXXX before transfer to XXXXXX for surgery
Excellent care!
Excellent care!
Excellent care!
Excellent care! Ms. XXXXXXX
Excellent care! Some concern re housekeeping practices. As far as I could tell, bedside tables in ward room are all cleaned with the same cloth. Transmission of bacteria from one table to another. Why not use disposable disinfecting wipes.
Excellent care, thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Excellent care. The nurses are great.
Excellent care. Under stressful conditioning for staff - COVID 19
Excellent care. Would have liked to see a lactation consultant.
Excellent experience my new hip is wonderful thank you Dr XXXXX
Excellent experience. Super staff of treatment.
Excellent food for celiac diet
Excellent for service XXX
Excellent from start to finish including pre-admit. Could not have been any better
Excellent hospital
Excellent hospital care
Excellent hospital/staff are all super + kind have been in many times + never had a problem - In fact they saved my life once with the clot buster after a stroke.
Excellent job ... Keep up the great work!!!
Excellent nurses! Felt very well cared for after the birth of my twins. Very helpful staff and nurses.
Excellent nurses/doctor case was in a lot of pain and would have like pain relief easier rather than suffering until I seen doctor
Excellent place
Excellent service
Excellent service + care!!
Excellent service overall! Doctors / surgeons should communicate results directly to referring family doctors to ensure timely follow up care as required - Patients should not be expected to know how to navigate the system.
Excellent service.
Excellent staff.
Excellent stay
Excellent treatment amazing staff all through the hospital
Excellent treatment for myself. Professional.
Excellent treatment very kind quite helpful.
Excellent!
Excellent!!
Excellent, clean, well organized.
Excellent, warm & caring nursing staff!!
Excellent.
Except for one particular nurse who had worked for around 30 years, all of the nursing staff, as well as the doctors, were excellent The quality of the food needs improving. Over the first 3 1/2 days I was there, $150 oz was stolen from my wallet.
Exceptional, personal care in the emergency department and ICU.
Exercise equipment! Elliptical machine, (unreadable) stationary bike
Extreme mental anguish with needles/giving blood Nurses do not take this seriously. Time needs to be taken to mediate prior or ensure the best, most experienced professional is requested mental health considered
Extremely impressed with the protocol when you entered the emergency dept (new mask sanitized & clean private seating)
Extremely pleased with the way the day went
Extremely satisfied, excellent staff, outstanding accomodation.
Eye care was not in the doc's speciality. Should have been advised to see my eye doc The drops prescribed did not work and suffered longer than necessary He missed the cause unfortunately.
Family doctor not seeing patients during COVID - Follow up scheduled to long after visit - Uneasy about may still be wrong, scarring on lungs? What is it? - Did not even address the other problem I went to emerg for!
Fantastic experience Thank you!
Feel nurses are going beyond + are stretched to limites with being short staff each having too many patients
Felt judged when requesting formula for my newborn after he was screaming for 3 hours straight. Wasn't offered a lactation consultant until after I was discharged.
Felt pressured into early discharge Not given any notice (ie less than week) of discharge date XXXX not present at meeting and no home supports in place
Felt safe + trusted all of them because they all knew that I was grieving! But I have no complaints about my procedures.
Felt unsafe with 24 hr visiting in hospital. Too many people walking halls, coming into your room by "accident" It's unsafe for patients + staff Plus it made for a lot more unwanted noise when new mom's, babies + patients are trying to rest Don't like that unit is not locked 24/7
First - I gave the pre-admission department all my food allergies and they were listed at the bottom of every meal list that I received, but this did not help. At every meal there was something there that I react too. Second - The first nurse who put in my IV needle was a little bit rude about me not having any medications and acted like I did not need to be there. Also put in the largest needle per the nurse who removed it. Third - The nurse/person when I was waking up after my surgery wasn't friendly, I tried talking to her and she saw I was awake at least twice and just turned her back on me. I think I even called her rude. Sorry but the lady who wheeled me back to my room was awesome! I think she took me to surgery too. I really liked and was treated wonderfully by everyone else. Thank you all for making a nervous person who was in pain as comfortable as they could.
First class treatment and care God bless them!
First labour experience - was very positive overall very satisfied.
First put on morphine for pain, sometime a little "foggy" techs or nurses explained what was happening. Had emergency surgery for complication from "scope" which I was told ahead of scope might sometimes happen. Expanded (unreadable) esophagus from (unreadable) from med from home replacement!
First time visit XXXXXXXXXX Next time XXXXXXXXXXX Again XXXXXXXXXXXX I am still having problems with my injury.
Fix the no hot water on the 2nd floor re-hab Normal building- (unreadable) Excellent staff and facility
Fix your extra rooms they felt like a prison
Floors could be mopped more often.
Follow up tests were wanted Hospital to call us with a date Have not heard from them - this was 7 weeks ago
Food - I lost 10 lbs over 1 months 90% of the food cold or luke warm My roommate & I both had hand problems & I got very little help opening juice, milk, etc. When I got home my wife had to call family doctor for prescription (antibody) for burning in penis.
Food - something needs to be done about meals Trays sent back untouched in many instances (wasteful) not appetizing or tasty
Food & food service was very good Generally speaking hospital staff at all levels treated me well & with respect and should be recognized for their efforts
Food (better menu) food was sometimes cold by the time I received it.
Food could be better
Food could be improved
Food could have been better
Food could improve, other than that it was all excellent!
Food improvement
Food is awful at XXX in XXXXXX - no longer have choices that little exercise was an activity I looked forward to in previous stays.
Food is excellent. People are awesome. Psychiatrists should try to make an effort to be more compassionate & sympathetic.
Food is mostly horrible We understand COVID, but out X year old couldn't be in the private room we paid for at all either.
Food is terrible, lost weight while there. Better food would help with recovery!
Food is terrible. Not always hot or even warm when delivered. It is not appealing looking to an ill patient.
Food not good
Food not great!
Food overall was not good! Mattress needed to be changed! During 5 day stay bedding was not changed
Food poor
Food service. 3 days of PB&J for breakfast 3rd day ask for something else and got tea only nurses had to get something from kitchen food service never got anything else4 for me.
Food sucked but I guess if it were great no one would want to leave.
Food sucks Handing of continuously aggressive patient Doctor didn't see me for 24 hrs after admission
Food tasted good but disappointed in not enough fresh vegetables & fruit served Meals could have been healthier with them salads. Also a little larger portions.
Food terrible
Food was about an eight Nurses were excellent
Food was bland
Food was disgusting
Food was enjoyable.
Food was excellent.
Food was good
Food was good!
Food was good, could have been larger servings
Food was horrible
Food was lacking Breakfasts were always cold porridge, which I hate.
Food was lousy for supper a sandwich & a bowl of water they called soup, breakfast cold oatmeal & other that shouldn't be with a meal. Food needs to be greatly improved.
Food was not real Processed cheese sandwiches Canned soup Many processed items.
Food was not so good!
Food was not to my taste Even soup poor.
Food was ok
Food was terrible Bland, juices consist of only apple or orange juice which is too acidic for my stomach Ginger ale to much sugar for a diabetic
Food was terrible mostly ordered in as would not eat. Also no vegetables. Treats available with meals disgraceful for a health care place. Need to improve greatly.
Food was terrible Not nutritious at all Need more soups & soft foods! Should be able to order what you like. Wife said she would not eat it at all. Need a dietician on staff!
Food was terrible.
Food was terrible.
Food was terrible. Not a diabetic diet.
Food was the worst I ever had Always cold No taste at all
Food was very bad I have Sjogren's Syndrome and hosp was unable to supply me with more than 1,600 cal per day - 6 days lunch + dinner was chicken breast I have the meal tickets Dropped 12lb in 7 days
Food was very good. The politeness of cleaning people.
Food/me should be given 2nds as an option, because lots of food goes to waste. Outdoors/fresh air on patio please.
Food; good to horrid, Internet:Ease of use:could be better,TV: An absolute rip-off, Physio: Avoid
For a private room at big dollars. Had to share a bathroom with the private room next door. Bathroom was always filthy dirty linens excrement in the toilet never cleaned after that patient used it always a catch tins in toilet and toilet paper on floor. I had to clean before using Filthy filthy germs.
For Customer Service 10/10. Professionalism 10/10
For first 3 weeks I was "out of it"
For my first surgery, this was a positive experience. It was quick + well organized I felt safe + that the staff were experienced + reassuring. I would have liked that some questions/discussion about medical issues/condition of care away from family member that was present
For nursing staff working 12 hr shifts they still took very good care of me and always with a smile
For part of my hospital stay I wasn't fully aware. That impacted many of my answers.
For questions 45-46 I would like to add I went through labour at home and did not want medication.
For the amount of people working there, they do a really good job. XXXXXXXXXXXX
For the first time ever I was in a semi-private room with a woman. Very uncomfortable. It was in the stroke unit.
For the most part, care is excellent except 1) Triage - open displays a poor attitude 2) Dr XXXXXXXXXXX was dismissive & completely failed the diagnosis - I ended up in XXXXXX
For the possible flu related symptoms we went to the hospital for, it took way too long to be told our symptoms were minor. We were at the hospital for 5 hours for very little of anything.
For this survey - what does question 49 to 55 have to do with hospital stay?
For triage - the information as to where to go is non existent Someone should see you & do a verbal check prior to you sitting there in triage!
Found the washroom available to me in the E.R. area was rather dirty and definitely could use a lot of improvement.
Found the younger moving staff to be much more sympathetic and helpful then the older nurses.
Free parking hospital. Pay parking casino.
Friendly people and environment. Thank you for all your help and keep up the good work!
From Attachment - NRC Health survey for XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX 57 Is there anything else you would like to share about your hospital stay? Both my wife and I have primary illnesses i.e. heart condition and diabetes and in all cases that we have gone to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX either for an emergency or regular care such as x-rays, blood tests etc. we have been treated with the most professional care which has always resulted with excellent results. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXX, in my opinion, is the best small town hospital in XXXXXXX! Hopefully, it will be allowed to continue to strive for greater achievements. XXXXXXXXXX
From attachment - NRC Health XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Patient Experience of care Survey XXXXXXXXXXX Survey - * U1ERSI1X * 1816354098 27906 XXXXXXXXXXXXX To Whom it may concern, Although the survey has been completed for my XXXXXXXXX visit to the ER, I feel compelled to disclose my previous experience in this department. I appreciate you taking the time to read my letter and validating my voice. In XXXXXXXX, I arrived at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and received standard procedures for people who are admitted for mental health issues. The concern I have is some of the procedures were traumatizing for me. For the past 3 1/2 years, I have been learning about some of my childhood experiences in conjunction with therapy from a trauma specialist. As such, I'd like to take this opportunity to outline some experiences I had during this XXXXXX visit as well as one from XXXXXXXXX. To be frank, some of the procedures I received at both visits re-traumatized me. Many CSA (childhood sexual abuse) survivors live in constant fear of the unknown as they were never sure, as children, when, where, and/or who was going to abuse them. I believe information about being a sexual assault victim was recorded in XXXXXXX as it was discussed between my staff caregivers and myself. I am not aware if this information was available to staff at the time of my ER visit and admittance in XXXXXXX. Regardless, being re-traumatized by your standard procedures was devesting to me and my trauma and recovery work that is helping me heal from my abusive childhood. Experience like: being in the "holding" room while 2 strange (security) men block the entrance; being led to a room in an unknown location by 2 strange men; being aggressively strapped to a table while 2 strange men: being in this room after being drugged while being watched by 2 strange men; and listening to staff tell my husband that I "just" wasn't myself. These experiences heightened my fear off the charts as the memory of them have already been stored in my CNS. To reiterate, this was an extremely re-traumatizing experience on both dates mentioned earlier while in the ER department. Again, I appreciate you hearing my voice with regard to this matter. As a CSA survivor, without voices and the willingness to hear them, change will not happen. Neither will understanding of trauma and it's impact nor respect for those who have experienced it. I would be open to further discussion regarding my concerns if you feel it is required. There are countless trauma survivors in our community, as well as others, and the hope is they will not be re-traumatized by the ER department and other areas of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Sincerely, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX) c.c Mr. XXXXXXXXXXXX, president CEO of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
From attachment - The hospital staff were all informative, polite, professional employees. My biggest objection with my hospital stay was the hospital meals. On a scale from one to ten - one being the worst and ten being the best, I found the hospital nutrition meals were a one at best. I did bring this up with the staff about the meals, I was told they were following the Canadian food guide. If that is the case then the Canadian food guide needs to change their menus. The hospital is catering meals from outside of XXXXXX. The hospital should go back to cooking nutritional meals for all the patients and staff. The hospital gives the best treatment for the patients except when it comes to eating. It is terrible unfortunate that the hospital is serving unhealthy meals. Good nutritional meals should go hand in hand with helping patients recover from their illnesses. Food places an important place in patient recovery. I hope the hospital will change their food policy with the assistance from the provincial government. I look forward to your reply to my letter. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
From attachment - XXXXXXXXXXXXXX past away XXXXXXXX but everything was O.K. A nice hospital
From attachment - XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX's stay at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Sorry your form does not fit my needs. Ambulance ride was a long wait outside the emergency, crew was great. Emergency staff people where great, RMI were right on and I settled right in. Two nights later the staff noise was unbearable, so one had a birthday plus I noticed up to six patients were scrolled around my doorway and stayed there until about 10 each day and night. WHY, when I needed peace and quiet after suffering from 2 brain bleeds and still have headaches. This such not required to be told, IT's a hospital attempt to be quiet at all cost. I'll let you judge YOUR hospital food, in 5 day layer over I dropped 10 lb. I will only use your hospital on emergencies otherwise I will take my chances. I cannot believe the question about people's sexuality and colour, leave it alone people, your not GOD, but who knows maybe you think you are. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
From emergency department to a bed app 18 hr. (Too long)
From the (unreadable) attendant to the staff at Emergency Department they were fantastic.
From the accident I had there was some bleeding and they made me very comfortable - did xrays stitched. I felt they did an excellent job - (unreadable) was well done
From the moment I came in the door I was absolutely blown away by the staff and the care I received in XXXXXX. Every member of the staff I interacted with was not only professional, but pleasant and seemed to genuinely enjoy their job. While waiting, you can hear them interact with each other, it was all positive. I took great comfort in the level of cleanliness and attention to detail when it came to the COVID protocols; it put our XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to shame. The ER became packed the longer I was there. Despite the chaos of numerous patients, one of which was getting significantly agitated and hostile, the staff never lost their cool or spoke with frustration to anyone. It was so impressive. This team ran like a well-oiled machine and I felt genuinely cared for. I can easily say that this was the best ER experience I've ever had. The level of effort and excellence these people are putting in is staggering; they are worth their weight in gold and I am very grateful to them all for the care I received.
From the time I was taken to hospital I was harassed and made to feel inadequate due to high pain medication this was ongoing from the doctors asked them to call my pain specialist and no one did I didn't disclose all of my meds for this reason the same dr wouldn't discharge me until I agreed to cut backs. I did agree but called my pain dr and she corrected my medications. I complained about pain on my butt & legs which turned out to be pressure sores 3 months later still have sores and XXX 3x a week to change dressings and I have scars that are no where near surgical site With COVID only allowed 1 visitor and when I tried to talk about my depression no one listened and I felt alone & neglected My surgeon changed without my knowing until I was wheeled into surgery Dr. XXXXX is not friendly and didn't tell me what he's was planning or did do Never seen him after surgery until check up Will not recommend him to anyone
Front staff did not page my doctor as per his request waited over 3 hrs to have two moles removed He was about to go home when emergency room nurse called him Front staff told to page instead left sticky note to nurse saying they didn't call him
Frustrating, waited 2 hours with no patients in the waiting room seeing a doctor. So we came home and suffered in severe pain an absolute disgrace. Maybe we should start cutting the salaries at the top of the hospital pay scale. Just a thought XXXXXXX!
Fully confident that "full health" was just around the corner
FYI: Last discharge from hospital was XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Reason for non A grading (mostly confusion) understand I wasn't the only patient nurse had
Get better pillows. Your pillows are terrible. Sleep is important, staff should be aware not to make unnecessary noise especially at night.
Get lyme D
Given circumstances and COVID-19, the staff did an excellent job making us feel comfortable C-section delivery - cannot say enough good things about the entire surgical team - they were fantastic. Only complaint we had to have had the smallest room on the L+D floor which made parts of our 2 day stay less comfortable.
Given meds for a "sore tail bone" however it was not my tailbone but my pelvis that was totally out. Thank goodness for excellent chiropractors!
Given the state of some of the individuals (patients) the emerg department (waiting area) I felt things could have been more security (guards) for others, including the staff.
Glad to have a nearby hospital.
Glad you asked I had excellent care I waited too long to be seen by the doctor Not once being asked how I was. The doctor listened to me thank heaven. After scan and diagnosed week kidney cancer I was treated great and saw controlled Some of these questions are ridiculous I would gladly just write a report because I was treated well I'm nurse if you weren't treated they would write too
God awful costumer service. You can tell noone wants to be there and help out. An emergency should not take 6 hrs. Just terrible.
Going to the XXXXXXXX site is always a great experience. The staff are all warm & compassionate people who genuinely care about their patients & it shows. Thank you.
Good
Good (unreadable) in getting in triage but sometimes a long wait with no one checking in once patient got to a room. - Note patient is my spouse now deceased so I have completed this survey but I was with him the whole time
Good all around Emerg. - ambulance staff good
Good care - helpful Close to home.
Good care but the food is not very good especially if you are a diabetic - Needed to ask for something to not had insulin.
Good care. Food good. Able to walk hall and go to sitting room on own. No problems. XXXX.
Good Covid 19 protocols The wait was too long Unable to determine medical issues, but made referrals to specialists
Good doctors who know what they are doing. No long wait nurses are good. Usually fix me or send me to someone who can
Good drs. and hospital I will go the when I am sick and my kids too
Good experience
Good experience
Good experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX good care & treatment good follow up/(unreadable), appointments thank you so much for a great hospital stay.
Good experience for the most part aside from nurse trying to speed up labour before I was even checked and the dr almost broke my water without asking No need for intervention especially when I was already in labour, hadn't had my dilation checked yet and it was my 3rd baby
Good experience Good care
Good experience Good help when needed
Good experience overall. When it is busy you can expect to wait, they prioritize on issue level it is a scary place to be in general with the general waiting room receptive to all kinds of (unreadable) and infection. The last place you want to be to catch something else.
Good experience, excellent care
Good food, breakfast, lunch & supper.
Good good good.
Good health care
Good job girls
Good job to all XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Good people Good care - Difficult diagnosis
Good person working in emergency app.
Good service
Good service No complaints
Good service. All staff members are "pros."
Good Some bad nurses Rough
Good stay
Good work guys. Thank you.
Got excellent care Love the staff Friendly + helpful
Gowns are to small bottoms are to small
Gowns, bedding were clean and changed often. Food choices are limited. Feel that locally prepared hot food would be a plus for most patients.
Grateful to have XXX in XXXXXXXX! Excellent staff - Caring & genuine
Great
Great care
Great care All the staff seem to go out of their way to make you feel good! Room XXX Total stay 6 weeks
Great care and understanding.
Great care at XXXXXXXX Emergency little wait. Staff is great.
Great care during labour and after labour, the nurses were amazing
Great care from the nurses and doctors
Great doctors both in emergency and third floor get better food had hair cell - laughed enter hospital - blood pressure over 100 - from pills + by products - I am XX yrs old I normally pay govt - 4 times a week
Great dr. - need more supports in XXXXXXXX. 1 kid came in and took all the supports for 2 hours. Thank you for your hard work!
Great experience Only odd experience was when a lab tech came in to take my blood and put the tape on her non gloved hand and did not see sharps disposal container in room This was odd during Covid times
Great experience, thanks!
Great experience. Loved the nurses and doctors. I felt well cared for and all of my needs were met.
Great facility, great staff, lousy food
Great hospital & great staff.
Great hospital Thanks
Great hospital Wonderful staff I was disappointed that I was refused home care.
Great hospital. Great care.
Great job to all the staff! It's the people on the front lines dealing with the patients that truly make the hospital great! Thanks for caring XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX staff XXXXX
Great job!
Great meals
Great once admitted. - ER wait was 5 hours & I was having difficulty breathing. Used Ventilin several times. - ER volunteer was very understanding.
Great service No complaints
Great service.
Great small town emergency XXXXXXXXXXXX Thank you Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXX & staff.
Great speedy friendly met needs and gave info on drs accepting new patients
Great staff and great facility Exceptional hospital experience Had same surgery in XXXXXXXXXXXXX was better experience
Great staff!
Great staff. Clean efficient surrounding.
Great success with my surgery. XXXX, my nurse on midnights was phenomenal
Great system
Great TLC from a great staff
Great treatment and staff during my stay. Excellent care provided. Staff worked well with my midwife.
Great, friendly, accommodating staff Very pleasant to deal with and made me feel very comfortable.
Had a broken rib, would have liked to have had it x-rayed for confirmation that nothing else was damaged, nurse seemed concerned as I was on blood thinners, doctor wasn't.
Had a CT scan on my head and found out I had a mini stroke years ago. I was glad to get this new information for future health concerns. Thanks.
Had a few visits to the emergency depart so don't really know which one this survey pertains to.
Had a great visit
Had a problem when I rang the call button The nurse would answer but not show up for a long time.
Had a very good experience Nursing very good No complaints
Had an injury while playing hockey at 6 PM in town. Really needed x-ray so still needed to be seen again in XXXXXX would have been nice to know about limited hours before we stayed and saw a doctor.
Had bad side effects from chemo treatments, taken care very well by oncology and staff on 4th floor Thank you
Had bladder surgery XXXXXXX was told possibly 2 nights in hospital was sent home XXXXXXX was weak & shaky & a little nausea By 11 PM had severe diarrhea was told the area I was in was closing 3 PM
Had blood in urine x2 days. Called urologist who told us to go to emergency dept. for tests.
Had Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX as my surgeon, could not have been in better care. Extremely professional and providing full attention.
Had gone to XXXXXXXXXXXX site & waited 20 min with ono triage so went to this site in XXXXXXXX.
Had heard hospital food was not good Found food trays (unreadable) adequate and very good.
Had in house (hospital) physio for my hip replacement and it gave me much needed information on using crutches + stairs before sending me home Everyone was very professional and helpful XX I also had a private room, peace + quiet!
Had no infection upon arrival changing dressing every three days Resulted in infection as a result still in hospital XXXXXX this two months later
Had only 1 doctor Dr. XXXXX great (unreadable) unknown. Some questions NA for me in my circumstances.
Had to wait a long time in waiting room, couldn't + breath! Long hrs + my wife had to help support me up we got a parking ticket $20.00 Had to grab someone walking by to get help (thought it was a dr. we did get a dr and oxygen) about 10 mins after.
Had to wait for shift change - passed out in waiting room - woke up in a bed - blood loss - or shock? 5:30-7:30 before dr triage nurse - stopped bleeding right away
Handling the offered from my GP was not good, leaving to a delay in (unreadable) the surgery. Also, the wait time was too long, and the lack of public organization to/from Anthem is a problem.
Happy with the efforts of staff and protocol for COVID - we were nervous to have a baby during this time but everything went smoothly due to how organized XXX was with these trying times.
Hard to believe but I actually enjoyed the experience. Excellent service by the staff and I even enjoyed the company of my roommates.
Hats off to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX workers Good job!!!
Have always had excellent care at XXXXXXXXXXXXX site
Have more then one doctor on from 11pm to 7 am so that you don't have people waiting for care in the middle of the night for 8 hours and then being told to go see there own physician in the morning. shouldn't take over 3 hours for blood and urine tests to get results and the results shouldn't be given out in front of other people it should be in a cubicle or somewhere private we are not supposed to be listening to other peoples situation. We also need to have better doctors on that actually care about patients so that we don't have to make repeat visits or to be told to go see your Doctor as soon as possible when that is why we go to emerge to be seen without having to rush to the doctors to be told the information and having our doctors asking why it wasn't dealt with at the hospital when you went.
Having a catheter in was very painful. Still having issues with the pain + bleeding months after stay.
Having a pediatrician staff in emerg so the children don't have to wait so long.
Having an x-ray done - I believe I should have been shown a photo - would have been more helpful - otherwise all good!
Having not eaten all day and the surgery delayed, it would have been prudent to offer a drink and snack following the surgery due to low sugar and being lightheaded.
Having stayed 7 days in the hospital during covid 19, at the beginning I was concerned, however after witnessing such great protocols I felt safe in terms of being offered by the virus - great job! All staff at the hospital were very knowledgeable, professional + kind during my emergency surgery - well done XX
Having surgery during a pandemic XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX took excellent care of me and all the precautions to keep me safe. I am very pleased with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and thankful XXXXXXXXXXXX
Having to be there I was treated very well along was was my family 2 have plus not all the time.
Having XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (XXX) nearby is a benefit to a patient and family. In an emergency we get there quickly and it is easier for family and friends to visit.
He had a concussion and should have recorded an MRI immediately not now, 1 month later after a severe concussion
Head nurse during surgery was extremely kind
Health care in ER is no where close to what it use to be. I avoid ER when ever possible.
Healthcare excellent, doc and nurses excellent. Housekeeping poor No daily cleaning Daughter made my bed daily
Heart attack transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Hello, I have used XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX ER department many times since my youngest child has been born with a medical condition that require treatment - I have both a family doctor (in town) and three specialist in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I try my best not to visit this ER, unless I need to as I do understand that some other condition are more of an emergency then my sons - however sometimes I need to use the ER. I have had horrible treatment at this ER, where some of my doctors in XXXXXX have shaken their head at! Ie - not giving xray for treatment of pneumonia because there is an ear infection plus chest and have said 'oh well the antibiotics he is on will kill it is he actually has pneumonia' which I completely understand - however when trying to rule out diagnoses and needed chest xray to compare - I didn't' 'have it, as XXXXXX didn't xray - I am not a doctor and I have great respect for doctors as they have been through many years of education to be a doctor - I also know they are human also and can make mistakes! What I find is even when I told them I/XXXXXX would like an xray to compare, I would like the xray to make sure they seem not to listen to the 'mother' again I understand I am not the doctor and I don't have the education to make that decision - but they need to listen to the 'parent ' who is caring also for that sick child. There has been two times where a 'radiologist has indicated pneumonia and my XXXXXX doctor as gotten to look and said for adults yes, for children NO way and that doctor had indicated she felt a doctor that read that particular xray did not know how to read children xrays! Which to me is very scary - if you don't know how to read them, I don't think you should be reading children xrays. Triage - can be frustrating! one of the worst trips I had was when we had been in XXXXXX for surgery - we had stayed over night and was in 'isolation' as my children lungs were washed and needed to be in isolation. WE were released from XXXXXX with instructions what to do it we 'saw' some symptoms! Which we did start to see - I went to my family doctor got to care I needed, with instructions on what to do! Unfortunately I ended up at your ER for treatment as it was not getting any better and I couldn't go the night! We were triage, I told the nurse everything we had just been through. I stressed being in isolation and she put me back in waiting room (full of people) and I waited holding my baby 40 plus fever for 4 hours!!! Then I get back to 'low' and a nurse apologized and said you can't be in low you need to be in high! Which I knew we needed to be! We finally get to high and the doctor (which I have had many times) was good! did listen to me, and we discussed my options. However it set my little guy back being in that waiting room, not being placed in the right division in the hospital. I have very high regards for my city, I have very high regards for XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and I have used it many many many times, not just the ER but with having many health problems I try my best not to visit this ER site. I have filled out a couple of these surveys, thinking every and all info is important for people to learn and make better - but I am disappointed, when I return and nothing seems to have changed. I am only taking the time to write this so you are aware and can make this a better experience for everyone involved. I can be reached at XXXXXXXXXXXX If you have anymore questions, as I have taken my little guy many times and have more experience (mostly not good) that I just don't' have the time to report on here. Thank you for allowing me to give my report on the experiences I had at XXXXXXXXX ER.
Help with physio, after leaving hospital On exercises one on one. Having someone to check on you at home.
Helpful, comforting, enjoyable experience!
Here in XXXXXX we have wonderful medical staff. No (unreadable) is far
Hi We are unable to fill this survey out. My mother has no memory of being in the hospital. She has dementia. My brother & I were happy with her care and we feel all her needs were met. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Hire more nurses, doctors & staff to reduce wait times.
Hire more people Tell you government you need health care more every day.
Hire more RNs
Hooray for the team!! Good work Thank you
Hope I do not have to go again
Hopefully less hours waiting to get the care.
Horrible was physically assaulted by a tech/nurse never coming again.
Hosp clean Food was not as great
Hospital arrival was disorganized due to a civic holiday and no paperwork from our home hospital. The fault was not with XXXXXXXXX. I do like this hospital and service is very good!
Hospital by ambulance did not know no 3 days. The doctors & nurses & hospital staff or all great to me the best.
Hospital care was good. The food was terrible (no choice & cold).
Hospital doctor was treating a COPD flare-up, hospital sent family doctor that I was treated for pneumonia. Also medication changed (unreadable) problems that are still being corrected
Hospital food was not hot when it came. I was on the 4th floor Med G. Most of my food I ate cold. Not happy! When I wanted a shower I could not have for a few days Nurse too busy - need volunteers! I donated shampoo bottles to Med G floor.
Hospital is understaffed with regards to RNs. Food is less than palatable More communication needed between nursing & other department procedures Put more money into healthcare!
Hospital is very professional Great staff - always courteous Would recommend XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to anyone
Hospital open, airy - sunny rooms spacious. - Not much attention to personal care - a few wash clothes - "there you are"
Hospital restaurant staff a bit sketchy
Hospital room was very cold especially when bed by window Food was terrible I didn't respond quick enough when ringing call bell
Hospital room was very noisy during the night - noise in the hallways and in other rooms, although in a double room, the other bed was occupied by a very deaf XX year old while I am XX and generally quite healthy - she did not sue her hearing aids and every conversation was done by shouting - even during the night when she required assistance to use the bathroom. Dinner was served at 4:30 which makes a very long evening if you are not use to eating that early. Discharge procedure was very slow. Having been released by my doctor at 8:30 in the morning, it was 11:00 am before the required paperwork was complete so I could actually leave - small hospital and definitely was not very busy. This seems an excessive amount of time to release a patient.
Hospital seemed understaffed at times. When a single patient requires multiple nursing staff (happened several times during my stay) the rest of the patients must wait their turn. This became an issue 2 or 3 times during my stay.
Hospital should have done blood work and admitted me for ongoing IV I went to XXXX in XXXXXX after this XXXXXXXX visit and ended up in hospital for 7 days!!!
Hospital staff treated me very well Thank you.
Hospital staff was kind, respectful, and helpful. Some of the staff went out of their way to help me & family The food was crap! I appreciate the support from my care team.
Hospital stay was a positive experience Obvious to me that dept was badly understaffed and that staff did a remarkable job under those conditions I took this into consideration when answering some questions about "time" The food was horrific! In spite of my doctor's warning to maintain my weigh, I lost weight!
hospital stay was during COV-ID 19, no visitors. Hospital staff very helpful. Front desk would receive parcels of necessities from the family & bring it to my room. Free TV provided.
Hospital stay was excellent, nurses were fantastic!!!
Hospital was 5 star Staff, nurses, doctors all amazing
Hospital was always cool
Hospital was clean, organized, and most informative, if you have to be in one yours is tops.
Hospitals suck, care by nurses, supper excellent, they need more money
Hot water - was scarce for showers. Nurses seemed to be too rushed OT + rehab is fantastic + helped me a lot.
How exciting it is to be a patient + get evaluated from 6" ft away. Doctor never even came ito the room, then told me I have a "Baker's cyst" & walked away. His accent was very difficult to understand. I had to ask a very nice nurse to explain to me what the doctor said. Otherwise a very nice visit.
Hrs. went by in exam rooms without any kind of communication. Dr. did not know x-rays had been done. Lack of communication between nurses and Dr.
I absolutely love XXX! Friendliest staff I've ever seen! very comfortable place to get care Made to feel at home! XXXXXX
I actually had 2 visits. This survey is based on the first visit the dr. ignored me, told me I had West Nile virus without doing any tests. No meds given. 2nd visit was excellent dr was very good, nurses good, problem solved could have been taken care of on 1st visit.
I always felt safe and confident that all the hospital staff were competent and caring and acted in a professional manner.
I always find the emergency workers do their job very professionally. I have had good care, I have always been treated with respect. The Dr.'s are very good, nurses go out of their way. I am very pleased! XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I always had excellent care Well organized Very respectful
I always have a good experience at the emergency department. The drs and nurses always provide me with care, whether busy or not. They always have a smile.
I always receive excellent care at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I am a celiac - was given gluten free diet that was excellent
I am a diabetic, it seemed the hospital staff did not understand or respect my diabetic needs. In this situation the patient is more knowledgeable than staff.
I am a little upset with my stay. I had to have a c-section and my spouse has COPD and another lung condition so after the birth he could visit and but he was advised not to stay the 3 days with me because it was unsafe due to covid. I was already upset that I had to be by myself and talked to one of the nurses in the recovery room about being here by myself with no support or help. The nurse assured me that they would help because I didn't have my partner. The first night I would get help with breast feeding and getting him and the nurses got a little mean towards me, and that made me a little upset. (They used a upset tone towards me) The second night was the worst of all, I moved the wrong way because my feet swelled really bad so from walking and getting up an down I moved the wrong way when I went to go get him in the bassinet and I feel back on the bed and called the front desk. I called them at 2:00 a.m and said a nurse would be down there in a few minutes, I waited 20 minuets for a nurse but he was crying because I needed to feed. So I got up and got him and because I was so sore I couldn't back in his bassinet, so I waited for my or a nurse to help me. I was up the whole night because I had him, but no one came into check on me until 6:00 a.m. I called my mom crying that morning because I couldn't rest of didn't have help. Now I understood people get busy but I was very upset and was very sore and it felt better at home and got more help and rested then at the hospital.
I am a paraplegic and my stay was a couple of months ago during covid restrictions and the hospital staff allowed my parents in to do bowel care every 3 days and I really appreciated that very much.
I am a pregnant woman with kidney blockage, my first pregnancy required emergency surgery to have a stent put in. This time, the physicians didn't take a urine sample or run any tests to validate my fears & only spoke one on one with physician for 2-3 mins before dismissed. Also found/and the triage nurses (mostly every time) to be rude.
I am a professional in the community and very healthy person who had an unfortunate situation at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX following an emergency gull bladder surgery. Upon the initial surgery, I was not recovering as the medical team expected and instead of believing me and the pain I was in, kept questioning me. I had to defend myself multiple times and with each person (nurse, doctor ect.) that came into the room every few hours. Every new medical personnel that came into my room didn't always seem to know what was going on or would adamantly tell me it was only gas that I was experiencing. They weren't always certain of what treatment/amount of medication etc. I was supposed to be on, or if changes had been made to these (i.e. higher dose), they were not always aware and the process of me explaining had to start all over again. This constant need to defend myself was also true of the surgeon who actually with an angered tone, directed his frustration over the lack of my recovery speed. He did this in front of my husband also who was aghast! As if I would not want to recover easily and quickly and get home to my family. The surgeon showed this frustration by questioning why I was not recovering at the expected rate since I had just had a 'simple routine' procedure done. Unfortunately, I had to go through many days of excruciating pain, trouble breathing and begging for support and further investigation for the medical team and doctors to figure out that I was not wrong and finally ordered some special testing to be done. By that point, I was suffering an infection and the physical results of poisonous bile collecting throughout my entire abdomen which had also pooled in the cavity under my lung, I was told that during my initial surgery my liver got 'nicked' by accident and I that I would require a second surgery. I had an extremely bad experience but still, I have given the hospital a 4/10 because there were many individuals that did help me. There were a few nurses that truly did try to help and my family doctor who's known me my whole life bumped into me and then tried to help me out as well. Actually, it was only after my family doctor saw me that I started to see the further investigation into my condition. I do understand and appreciate that my life was in the hands of the entire medical team and since I survived it all, am so very thankful and grateful. What I didn't appreciate, is that I was treated like an untrustworthy and unreliable teenager who they assumed to be dishonest, exaggerating or possibly getting addicted to pain medications. That is the constant impression that I (and my family that was there) was getting from the tone and demeanour of many of the staff. The medical team did not take into account 'me' as a person and that as a XX old woman (mother of 3) who understands her pain threshold, possibly knew something was wrong about my own situation. I am a very patient and kind person, who didn't deserve to be treated this way. After it was noted that there was a mistake made during the first surgery, I did see a change in how I was being treated but it shouldn't have taken this, for that to be the case. I had no intention of staying in the hospital more than the day max they initially said to me when all of this started, but due to all the complications ended up being a 12 day stay. It then took me multiple months to fully recover as I had to have a drain put in which stayed in for multiple weeks also. I am a proud XXXXXXX and feel very disappointed in the lack of confidence I feel in our local community health center during this incident. I would not recommend anyone going to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX unless they absolutely have no choice. If I am in a similar predicament (or my own family) in the future, unless impossible to do so, would likely drive to the nearest city (XXXXXX) with hopes that we would have a better experience.
I am a rare CP person I do much work at home.
I am a retired XXXXX and have worked in several hospitals in various cities. My opinion of this hospital is that it is exemplary in quality of care, communication, comfort measures, cleanliness and meeting all emotional, supportive needs. Keep up the good work! I have recommended it to others
I am a XX at XXX in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX when I was in the hospital to have my baby. I was very shocked & taken back that my charge nurse or unit manager didn't acknowledge my admission!!
I am a XXX & work in a dr's office I was very disappointed in my care I was put in the room by ambulance staff & no one came into my room for an hour I had no pillow & an ECG tech gave me 2 towels for my head Lab tech very nice I had to walk to xray by myself. At 5:30 dr. came in with RN & told me he thought pneumonia on left side & my pain was on the right side. I had to wait till 7 AM to call my daughter in law to get me & then a nurse came in at 5 & told me I had a fever & would get me off tylenol 1 hour later I got the tylenol after being asked who I was as they lost my chart & did not know who was in this bed I left on my own & went to get my ride home Very disappointed in the care & not really caring Felt I was putting everyone out accept for ECG & lab personnel. They were very nice
I am an Octogenarian - rather unfamiliar with hospitals - but had a positive experience during a knee replacement
I am asthmatic I go to XXXXXX out for specials for breathing problem from asthma
I am being held against my will. I came in as a volunteer. Trapped, disabled physically. Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX psychiatrists - many.
I am diabetic. At home I have been taught to administer insulin in anticipation of the carbohydrates that I am about to consume. In the hospital, insulin was always administered after consuming carbs; sometimes a couple of hours after. The practice surprised me.
I am especially grateful to the surgery team and the excellent help from the physiotherapy department. Knee replacement.
I am extremely grateful for admission and monitoring during the pandemic.
I am filling this in for my son who is developmentally delayed. Our experience was very good and I tried to answer a best I could for him
I am filling this out for my daughter who is X years old. She presented ALL signs and symptoms of a UTI that had spread to her kidneys and was in a lot of pain, and screamed in pain most of the visit. We were placed in the respiratory room with sick patients!! We were there for 8 hours just to get a urine test and results and be prescribed antibiotics. It was the worst experience for both me and my daughter! The nurses were noticeably annoyed that a doctor made us sit there!
I am filling this out for my father who suffers from dementia and I was in a nursing home. This visit was the shortest in our experience in the emergency dept. Previously we have had to wait 8 hours or more as a result of his dementia has caused very agitated and aggressive behavior. I find that staff do not seem to be trained in dealing with patients with dementia. They ask them questions that they can't honestly answer and disregard the fact that the person with them has POA also when we were released I said I would need help to get my father out of the bed and into a wheelchair to take him to my car. The nurse said she didn't want to hurt her back and couldn't do it I had to ask for someone to accompany us, so that they could wait with him until I brought my car to the emergency entrance and assist me to get him into the car. Again medical staff need more training in the care of people with dementia especially as numbers continue to grow.
I am from XXXXXX this was my 2nd knee replacement I love your hospital and the care I receive My only negative comment was at discharge. I felt pushed out the door and the PSW's were quite rough with me I worked in a hospital and understand the need for beds and getting rooms cleared but they were inappropriate and did not listen to me They left my walker in the room, and had to go back. All was great until discharge!
I am glad that I can go to several emerg dept in my area. If I have to wait I do not get exited I feel many people have & cannot wait at all, I am very important. Today waiting is a given. We get good care suck it up, move on visit was to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I am going again for surgery XXXXXX I have confidence in XXX Thanks
I am going to miss Dr XXXXX, but I wished him well on his new journey He was a fine man and doctor
I am just glad that all doctors/nurses/support staff are there when we need them Life's not perfect Hospitals are not perfect It would sad without hospitals
I am more than pleased with our healthcare!!!
I am not a everyday emergency user. I thank XXXXXXXXX emergency drs + others for their excellent work.
I am not crazy. I am going to be killed!! Thanks for all the help!! You don't even know that your loved one is gone because they have your voice recorded they have taken video of you. They can delete crime from surveillance cameras. Everything will disappear off there phones unless the sim cards removed, but with the new game I don't think you need a sim. Over half of Canadians can't pay their bills because of the bikers and the Asian games. They want me dead because I am the only person who has figured them out. They communicate through music stations also the the D. They take over small businesses. The internet should be shut down across Canada until a solution to this has happened. My brothers are all dead. My kids are possibly dead. Working for the weekend song they like to play. They have caused me to loose every friend I have. I am out on bail and can't go to my home in XXXXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXX drives me crazy because I am loosing my mind, and nobody believes me. They have taken my husband, my home, my brothers lives, any friendship I have had with anyone due to they are into the phone wires and now they are tethered into the hydro wires. I believe a lot of wires are in Lake Huron as I have seen them go out but not return. I don't know how or where I am going to be safe due to the amount of people playing this game, and they are all walks of life. Even the jail and courthouse has this since they have cell phones in there. They have taken everything I have ever worked for. I have nothing left. My brain and body getting tired and I know more will be murdered, raped, and forced into prostitution shall the fucking stupid game continue!! I don't even feel safe in the nut ward as men that are visiting their wives that are here glare at me through the window. Once again this is going to have to be a job for the university of XXXXXXXX, secret (unreadable) group. XXX and XXXXXXXXXXXXX. I cut there grass last week and after 20 years of cutting there lawn they all of a sudden have 2 raised gardens in the back yard. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and all the customers I have over in that area of XXXXXXXXXXXXX I believe are gone, murdered, I will be next. I need a MRI, my kids, and a way out of here. In the Asian games through sms they use slang, example when they have to go out and get a young girl they will call it work, instead of saying wife they say life. I know my husband doesn't want to do this but he is being forced. The hells angels have a great part to play in this as I say my neighbor XXXXXXXX home have bikers and a young girl go to it, but I have not seen XXXXX nor her boyfriend who is a jail nurse. With the new game, which I don't think it's a game at all, it's invisible so unless you know how to read logs then you don't know that someone is watching your every move.
I am not impressed and will never go back to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I am on an immunosuppressant so I was pleased to see so many areas for hand sanitizing, masks. There was a lot of signage instructing pts. to mask & hand wash if feeling unwell. This is very important to me.
I am on an oral chemotherapy medication and a fever card my temp was not as elevated as it had been having taken Tylenol ES. The nurse ignored the fever card after several hours I spoke with the volunteer requesting my temp be re-taken which it was. Also told my chest xray was clear turns out I had pneumonia.
I am prone to bladder infections - symptom - blood in urine. I knew this was the problem upon entering emerg. (midnight).
I am proud to be a resident of XXXXXX, and able to avail myself of care @ XXXXXXXXXX.
I am quite disappointed that I lost a hearing aide while a patient - was in 4 diff rooms & the hospital will not help pay for this - I had to get 2 new hearing aids & am a senior citizen on fixed income & had to pay $15,000 00. for them. Thank you
I am satisfied with all aspects of my hospital stay. Without their care I would have been unable to return to my own home.
I am so happy to be asked for my opinion because I have told everyone how very special our health option is - It is the most important benefit of our country - I spend (unreadable) in the US and could not give up what we have in Canada - I am most grateful!!! Thanks to all of the caregiver!!
I am so thankful to the fantastic coaching nurse XXXXXXX gave me during active labor. Nurse XXXXX for teaching me how to be comfortable in breastfeeding. I now reflect if being induced, due to being over due, was the best decision 36 hrs of labor was traumatizing. If things looked good, maybe consult if I could wait for natural labor to occur Thanks to Dr. XXXXX for keeping humor in the scenario
I am still dealing with the same problem but due to Covid 19, I am not getting anywhere. I am getting frustrated.
I am still receiving care at this hospital (monthly) Due to Covid I think things like what to expect going forward could have been handled better. Did not met with homecare in a timely matter but likely Covid restricted All dealing very professional and moving forward.
I am transgender (male to female) - I had a nurse actually (casually) ask me, 'So, when are you getting your vagina fixed?' I did not invite a conversation about something I was not admitted to hospital for. I felt that my family was not provided enough information about my condition. One time, my wife was told that the floor was very busy and they couldn't help her (and hung up). I felt that I was treated differently because of the fact that I am transgender. Very disappointed in the care given, in multiple ways, during my stay.
I am very pleased how the nurses were so readily available to assist me. They were most kind.
I am very thankful for the taking care for me in hospital.
I am very thankful to have XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX as I suffer from IBS and when I have an attack. I would not be able to make it to XXXXXX on my own. Here, I am able to reach relief quickly and treated well.
I am very thankful to the doctors and nurse of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for accommodating me and giving me the best treatment I could have.
I am XX and can see that there has been a long change at the hospital. We all know it wasn't this good in years gone long.
I am XX years old, sound mind and recurring dialysis. I was very sick with SOB + the effects of bronchitis and waited for 2 1/2 hours before I saw a physician. I explained that I had an appt to receive dialysis but had to reschedule the following day because of the lengthy wait. 6 hours + Rx pick up at 10:00 pm.
I am XX yrs old and had a reaction to a prescribed muscle relaxant the main reason for my stay was to make sure I was capable of being safe when went home. Upon arriving to hospital approx 11 AM by ambulance very confused no strength to stand. By XXX morning hallucinations by evening more settled. The family concern was that I be able to do stairs as my apartment is in the basement of my son's home physio kept putting it off saying to weak but I am XX and move slower. On XXXXXX my son spoke directly to therapy about my progress and were assured that my XXXXXX stairs would be done. Physio let us know they do not work on weekends so family came in at least 3 times a day and walked me preparing for XXXXXX The nurses were helpful to walk if had time and physio did walk some during week on XXXXXX my son checked in with physio and was told they were to busy to do it today but tomorrow! On XXXXXXX morning (approx 7:30 am) a nurse greeted my son and daughter in law telling them that Dr. XXXX would like to be holding me 1 more days as I got pneumonia the nurse announced that I would be going home tomorrow so to make arrangements she spoke very matter of factly. When the nurse was asked about drug the steps her answer was back you have a dining room you will have to move him up and he is XX it is time you faced the fact he may not do steps again "so now concerns is my safety as the basement is all set up for my walker and all around safety my son let her know that both XXX and XXXXX they work 9-8 PM so on XXX evening I was brought home. All is well On XXXXXXX afternoon therapy did come to walk me I told them I was there and that was the end of that so, son let me know arrangements the concerns of my answers and we went walking. My stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was wonderful but really felt physio fell short, even if they would of tried. It was almost like I am XX so except it. We can not say enough good about the care with lack of effort for physio XXXXXX This is a hard letter to write a we are not complainers we are are available. It is just it concerned knew this a long as we can until the time Written by my daughter in law XXXXXXXXXXXXXX comes to make other arrangements.
I am XX yrs old, have COPD, could not breathe had pneumonia, live alone yet they refused to admit me in spite of my breathing be laboured.
I appreciate the care and concern I rec'd from nurses, doctors, students and physio - occupational and speech. XXXXXXX, XX, & XXXXXX especially helped me move again I am grateful for the attention staff gave me Thanks
I appreciate the care I received, not all the needles to remove blood but that's part of the procedure. Thank you.
I appreciate the kind and fast service provided from this location so I don't have to wait 6+ hours at the main XXXXXX location when I only need non-urgent care
I appreciated all that was done for me. It was a great stay. Everything was all so good & taken care of. By each & every person in charge.
I appreciated being under Dr. XXXXX (XXXXX) care. On XXXXXXXXXX I was transferred to the rehab department on the 2nd floor. I was released on XXXXXXXXXX.
I appreciated the beautiful facility, the lovely artwork, excellent restaurant + gift shops where my wife took me out of my room for a break from being in bed all the time.
I appreciated the follow up calls from my RN and the day surgery.
I arrived @ 1500 hrs XXX and came out 0500 hrs XXX morning I waited over 7 hrs to see a dr.
I arrived and it was one hour before anyone even spoke to me two women in triage talked about everything under the sun I was only one in traige chair terrible service
I arrived at 7:30 am and it still took 2 1/2 hours for a diagnosis of severe tonsillitis that took one minute to diagnose. There was only 3 people in front of me.
I arrived at emerg before 6 AM not many people because of time and the COVID 19
I arrived at Emergency unconscious & the staff did excellent at saving me I waited from 5 AM till 10 PM to be admitted to a room
I arrived by ambulance My first 2 to 3 days I don't really remember My husband said emergency staff was good.
I arrived by ambulance to hosp just before 8 AM XXXXXXXXXXXX that night I spent on a lounge chair in an holding area with 6-8 others. At 2 AM was (unreadable) by a dr. - the first I had seen since arriving at hosp was told I would be admitted when a bed became available which was noon on the XXXX. With the help of XXXX and my niece we were able to get a suite at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX where I spent the month of XXXXX returning back to my apartment on XXXXXXXXXX
I arrived in a great deal of pain and obvious physical discomfort. Admission process was very poor inefficient and uncaring. The care itself was excellent. Admission & triage staff could use some coaching on ethnic and timeliness.
I asked for an epidural By the time the anesthesiologist arrived I was too far along and not able to have it in extreme pain terrified The nurses also said only 1 pt could have an epidural as they were understaffed Was only given tylenol + ibuprofen after delivery was in so much pain
I asked for but did not receive a copy of the scan report. Told to see family dr. during Covid It should have been available without putting even more people at risk
I attended this emergency department because it is known to have shorter wait times & excellent care compared to other near emergency departments
I believe I received the best possible care broth from the ambulance service and the emergency dept. Everything necessary was done promptly when my situation was stabilized there was some reasonably waiting time as other patients were given priority.
I believe that some improvement could be made in the quality of the food.
I broke my left hip and stayed in hospital for 3 weeks. The doctors, nurses, therapist, volunteers and cleaning staff, everyone was caring, nice, helpful. I had a marvelous stay in hour hospital well done!
I came by ambulance for breathing problems and I had to wait for over 5 hours to even be examined by a nurse. - I believe that if you come by ambulance, they should consider that as an indication that a patient is very ill
I came by ambulance to the ER Sat in the hallway over an hour Medics put me in a room. Never saw anyone for over two hours. My daughter had to ask if I was forgotten Absolutely no one came in to see me or even greet me for almost 2 1/2 hrs Terrible ER service
I came home no better as Dr told me to see my family Dr who doesn't have weekend hours. If the pain got worst to come back. Why come back when it should have been looked after the first time.
I came home not knowing what my problem was. I went to the hospital confused and was told it could be my age - XX - after 3 days at home the confusion went away - not sure what went on!
I came in to the hospital with heat stroke / dehydration from work at XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I waited 9 hours before I was even offered a glass of water or IV. My conditions lasted weeks after because I didn't get service within first few hours. Even XXXXXXXXXXXXXX health department was confused with the time wait. The nurses were very helpful but that wait time is outrageous. Thank you for your time.
I came in with Covid-19 related symptoms and I was told I probably didn't have the virus but that was not the fault of the medical professionals at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I understand it was a time of uncertainty. I found out a couple months later that I had an upper respiratory tract at the time I visited the hospital. I'm unsure if my family physician failed to inform me or the hospital. Overall, very friendly. The nurses and volunteers were very kind and efficient. It was near the beginning of the pandemic so there were many unknowns, which is to be expected.
I came to the hospital with a collapsed lung and was turning blue. I got immediate care and through the haze I remember, I do remember the physician making me feel confident in his abilities and also a few very encouraging nurses. The nurses in telemetry also are some of the most outstanding I know!
I can not believe how well I was treated & cared for on X & XXX fl during my 6 wk stay at XXX Thank you to a wonderful staff
I can not have had better time & care than I had while in the hospital XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXX
I cannot comprehend how an institution with the world Health in title can A) serve deplorable food B) Avoid a real shower or hair wash in an 8 weeks stay.
I cannot say enough good things about the nurses that took care of me. They were friendly, always smiling and professional. Rooms were good but some maintenance issues ie beds that did not work.
I can't say enough about the excellent professionalism, co-ordination, and engaging situation that exists at your (our) hospital. I couldn't stop exclaiming to the staff how smoothly the entire process played out. I have used this hospital many times in the last XX years and while it has always been an above average experience, the last few visits have been exemplary. And under the current circumstances created by the pandemic, you should be more than proud of yourselves.
I can't say enough how well I was treated, from drs, nurses, right down to housekeeping staff The nurses were exceptional in their care & behavior Obviously well trained & supervised
I complained daily of extreme pain in left leg - got totally ignored 1 week after release on XXXX had 2 blot clots removed - emergency surgery (XXXXXXXXXXXXX) & was told I came close to losing my leg - between stays your ER doctor after 2 EMR visits said "nothing I can do for you" - was readmitted next day for 6 days - food made me vomit or was ice cold including tea lost 18 lbs in 11 days.
I congratulate your hospital. I want to put in a ward for nurses XXXXX & XXXX & XXXXXX. They were marvelous. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I consider the hospital in XXXXXXXX an excellent facility to receive medical assistance in any area that you might require. They also have the ability to transfer you on if you need specialty care
I could have died because of the mismanagement of my care and the constant problems with communication and follow through. I also suffered needlessly because my care wasn't handled well. If my family member hadn't advocated for me and stayed at my side continuously, I would have died. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has a very bad reputation in the community and now I understand why.
I could not have had better care anywhere else than XXXXXXXXXXXX. Excellent care + compassion was given by all doctors + nurses.
I could not have received better care. Nurses, doctors and physio therapists were excellent.
I could not receive any better care then what I got I love our little hospital + doctors Thanks
I could not wait any longer for the scope to be done, as my wife was waiting in the car and she is diabetic. I didn't know it was going to be as long as I had waited, so I left without have the scope.
I could wait because of my injury these were mother's with sick children who I thought should have been fast tracked. My wait time to get into a bay was 4 hour - way too long
I couldn't ask for better care thanks to all the staff
I did not get washed during my stay. When discharged there was no soap or shampoo provided for me to take a shower.
I did not go directly to emergency. My doctor sent me down for some tests. My blood pressure was very high.
I did not have a good experience. My first nurse wasn't really nice, very rude, then the 2nd one didn't know what she was doing. Wasn't listening to me. I ended up with a fever & emergency C-section, baby born with bacteria infection because of it.
I did not like being put (strapped in) in a wheel chair. I felt very angry because I did nothing wrong. I had walker to get around in. At time nursing station all the staff were very rude to me. They would ignore me, like i was not there. Which upset me. I got no pain relief at all!
I did not like rotating doctor care. Would prefer my regular physician with whom I feel comfortable with.
I did not like the hospital food so lost weight
I did not mention this experience to the nurses at hospital Just went home after discharge. XXXXXXXXXXX
I did not receive adequate information on pain medication in my care (unreadable) and have experienced difficulties in self medicating.
I did not receive and earlier survey. The cover letter suggest I should have I only tell you this in case part of your evaluation measured speed within which the patient wished to cooperate.
I did not wait for my number to be called as I was having numbness + tingling in my arm + leg + was fearful I was having a stroke. As soon as triage nurse was free, I spoke directly to her + was immediately taken care of.
I didn't anticipate such a great experience in a smaller community hospital and was pleasantly surprised. I'd have given a 10 if the nurse had found my vein on the first try, but was impressed by the professionals I encountered at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I didn't care for the food and there was much variety food (too much roast beef, chicken too dry ("tasteless") Food not hot - coffee, tea
I didn't feel there were any bad aspects but for improvement sake; maybe asking + encouraging patients not to share their drama / upset with others because another patient could have problems themselves with that subject and its trauma and I'm affective person so I was taking on others upset. Clients should be told / encouraged not to share their upset with other patients.
I didn't like having to wait 4 hrs to get the results of the xray.
I didn't like the discharge procedure. I woke up in my room after a scope to nurse was 2/3 way through reading discharge. Said I was discharged now. My son & daughter were there we left, "too fast" I was groggy otherwise I was fine with.
I didn't need to hear the dr. on call tell me I had him stumped and see him walk away. I thought he could have ordered ultrasound or something instead of walking out.
I didn't take family but the dr was able to get my family to the hospital as I didn't have any telephone no with me and they phoned my family.
I didn't totally understand why I was admitted until my dr. explained the emergency dr's notes + my appt. Overall, all staff were great! XX
I didn't visit the emergency room on XXXXXXXXXXX
I do have a problem with the long wait like 6, 7, 8 hours to see a doctor and sometimes more when you're so sick (ridiculous) + mixing the druggies with very sick old people like me XX years old heart patient Once you get to see a doctor you are treated very well
I do not appreciate having male nurses attend to me.
I do not expect courtesy & respect from a surgeon. I do expect his expertise to be A1. Also professionalism.
I do not have a family doctor although, I felt my visit was adequate in care for the one particular issue, when I asked the doctor about a separate incident, I felt the concern for this mother was minimal the doctor told me to see my family doctor, left abruptly, not even giving me the opportunity to race that I have no family doctor it left me feeling very frustrated, although I do recognize that the emerg is a busy place, with lots of patients to look after
I do not remember anything that happened after arriving at the hospital by ambulance
I do not think it is right the way you are treated when first admitted to the hospital under a form I-551
I do not think sexual orientation should be part of this questionnaire!
I do thank you for covering things you done for me XXXXX
I do think is all. Thanks.
I don't agree with having to wait longer if a policeman/woman bring someone into the ER in cuffs and they get priority over everyone else. I can understand it is an ambulance but not by walking in because the person got hurt by police. Bring them in the ambulance doors not the ER door. The day I was there the police brought three different kids in by cuffs and we all had to wait because they got to see doctor first. Waiting looked wrong with them.
I don't like the set up.
I don't remember most of it but I am much better now.
I don't see no reason why I had to wait four hours and I didn't even see the doctor so I left.
I don't think students from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX should be attending patients unsupervised I realize they need hands - on training, but I don't want to be their guinea pig I wasn't impressed at all with the knowledge + performance of the one who came to me
I don't think the nurses should have to get you ice water. The ice water machine should be where the patients can get there own ice water "Not fair to the nurses"
I don't understand why my pain medication was decreased after I was beginning to feel comfortable. I would finally get enough medication to help me feel relaxed and then I would be told the doctor has decreased the milligrams after receiving almost one day of comfort. Is pain suppose to be felt the whole time?
I enjoy my stay and everyone was great.
I enjoyed it as best I could.
I enjoyed the company of the patients, the nurses came by to check on you The psychotherapist & occupational to help you to move and make you better The food from the kitchen was excellent too.
I entered the emergency dept. at 1:00 AM and did not see a doctor until 6:00 AM I was in pain because of a blocked kidney (kidney stone). I was never asked about my level of pain even after I requested some place to lie down. I was told that there was only one doctor on call and I'd have to wait. I'm not impressed with level of care in Emergency Dept admitting. Too many people clog the system with symptoms that could be taken care of by family doctor. There needs to be stricter access to emergency dept for those that really need it, and more than one doctor on call.
I entered the hosp. with Covid-19. My care was exceptional. God Bless all the staff for such wonderful care! Thank you all. Love, XXXXXXX.
I entered the hospital on XXXXXXXXX. I was not offered a bath until XXXXXX and then only because I asked if a friend could give me a shower. My friend tells me I smelled and that was very embarrassing for me. I still cringe when I think of it.
I experienced a quick, efficient visit by staff & doctor I chose XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX because I always pleased with the care
I experienced a very positive procedure. Keep up the good work.
I experienced hearing nurses talk about personal life things, talk about a patient "over her" while helping her and retirement. Not something you want to hear when you are in pain etc
I experienced terrible pain when i was left lying on a bedpan for 3 hrs. In the process of shifting my body to alleviate my terrible his pair. I kinked my catheter-tube, causing extreme pain + bloating. My son and a different nurse made the discovery. Too many patients, too few staff!! Also, being left wet for too long caused me a terrible rash! This led to a second hospital stay.
I feel as though the doctor could have been more knowledgeable about the reason why I was in (blood clots). She couldn't answer my questions and told me that they wouldn't treat me for any new clots as I am already on blood thinners (however, I know that if I did have a reoccurrence while on thinners, my medication would need adjusting). I got more information from the ultrasound tech than I did the doctor afterwards. It's very discouraging when a doctor is unable to answer questions and simply tells me to follow up with my family doctor.
I feel checking my ears and throat would have been helpful.
I feel great after my surgery - the dr. was great + so were all the nurses.
I feel I could not have got any better service XXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I feel I did not receive enough info on what I did need to bring with me (fluid intake and output tests)
I feel I had very excellent care in the XXXXXXXXXXXX Health care as the XXX Hospital.
I feel I have always been treated how I treat the care givers
I feel lucky to be close to a hospital with such caring staff, who made my hospitalization a most pleasant experience from the time I came to emerg to the day I was discharged
I feel more communication is needed between caregivers so would not bring meds to waste!!
I feel my list of symptoms was overlooked and my diagnosis was incorrect. The nurse jumped to conclusions and didn't complete a full health review. I was treated very poorly as soon as the nurse found out that I was a regular user of cannabis. And since I was they immediately stated I was having a reaction to it. There was no discussion of my symptoms that matched heat exhaustion due to being outside all day with no food and physically working.
I feel so comfortable at this hospital. Every Ont is so very friendly.
I feel sure the treatment in hospital is the best + can be given
I feel that all people are very professional and very polite. I feel that they are all pushed to their limits.
I feel that all the staff were excellent in the services they provided, with the exception of one nurse that I had who was unreliable + incompetent + that left me with a bad feeling about the unit.
I feel that if they xray didn't explain what was wrong then the emerg dr should have gone further to find what was causing me so much pain + hindering me to move my knee
I feel that people are left sitting in the waiting room too long without triage I would never take anyone really sick there I had a very bad experience previously. I drive to XXXXXX if it is urgent.
I feel the Emergency dept is slow and very indifferent.
I feel the medical profession lacks knowledge concerning mental illness, not very sensitive or caring Get with the program
I feel the nursing staff should increase. Also the admin. should have a look into the waiting room to see if anyone is in distress or there is a issue. Maybe limit amount of people in with ill person.
I feel they need more then one dr on at all times. I felt bad for the staff
I feel very secure about being in the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I count on them being there again if I get very sick again, and I also feel good about the the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX which I attend - XXXXXXXXXXXX + XXXXX
I feel when I was discharged someone could off helped me get dress. - Was told not to take shower for two weeks so bandage wouldn't get wet. I had shower and covered it with plastic.
I felt alone when I was there Not happy.
I felt bad for the dr & nurses having to run around trying to keep up with the number of patients who also needed help. I was very happy with the care I received.
I felt children emergency should have been different from adult emergency. We waited for over 3 hours before we were attended to.
I felt comfortable and well cared for.
I felt extremely supported in my labour + delivery by my nurse XXXXX and Dr XXXXXXXX. I was able to vocalize my wishes and felt that my nurse + doctor helped them to come true Great experience!
I felt I received excellent care while at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX The doctors and nurses were friendly and caring going the extra mile to make sure I was well taken care of. Why go any place else for health care!
I felt I was well taken care of and as a result my recovery has gone very smoothly.
I felt left alone during my stay. Nurses rarely came in to check on me & I had very low BP & rarely checked pain meds not given on regard times unless I asked
I felt like I was first in and they had cleared everyone out and cleaned all beds before anyone came to me ... I understand emergencies, seemed as though I was forgotten an no one came to say there was a delay ... the doctor also said I had bursitis giving me a prescription for anti-inflammatory meds and physio only seeing xrays ... I felt this to be a quick diagnosis ... to get me out the door ... still in very much pain and I believe a scan or ultrasound would have been more revealing. Pain is sometimes unbearable and I was disappointed how I didn't feel cared for.
I felt my hospital stay was excellent - nurses & doctors treated me with a great deal of respect & kindness.
I felt my pain was disregarded by nurses and the doctor. It seemed as though they did not believe me about my level of pain, I assume they thought I was drug seeking. It took several hours of waiting in the waiting room and then another hour wait once I got into the back before I got to speak to a doctor. I went in with severe abdominal pain. I did not get an answer about what could be causing the pain. I did finally get something to relieve the pain and then was sent home. I had to argue with the doctor to get him to send me for additional testing to see what the underlying cause for the pain is.
I felt no one checked on me often and was in over night. No water was offered but breakfast served.
I felt safe and protected during my stay at the hospital.
I felt safe and was well treated
I felt so lucky to have someplace to go on XXXX day.
I felt that I got exemplary care at the hospital, however I would not like to see any cuts in our health care services!
I felt that the emergency assistance care was quite expensive.
I felt that the nurses were always too busy for me Once it took 22 mins for someone to come to my room and sometimes they acted annoyed and we say I'm very busy you know.
I felt the day I was left my care ended no one came around anymore and my room was a mess. The physician also held back critical information to me about my surgery that affected my recovery.
I felt the doctor did not listen to my concerns to due my chronic illness - type 1 diabetes. Less than 10 days after the visit to XXXXX ER I had to go to XXXXXXXX ER with the same symptoms They ordered an ultrasound and I have been following up with my GP
I felt the doctor was in a rush and could have provided more time. I needed one more stitch and wound has not healed correctly. Still numb and finger is deformed. Doctor began stitching before blocker had started to work. Emergency room was busy and I was left to wait until everyone was taken ahead of me.
I felt the hospital met my needed needs.
I felt the need to register a gown on the day of my surgery was unnecessary as I was already preregistered before on my preadmission appointment. A long wait to register again could have been avoided.
I felt the staff and physicians provided safe care during covid
I felt very comfortable going to emergency dept considering the Covid crisis everything handled with safety for myself & staff I went to XXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXX.
I felt very safe esp being in during Covid-19 at beginning of quarantine. Nurses & doctors above and beyond to include my husband in on calls to get info of diagnosis. Thanks to Dr. XXXX & XXXXXXX for trying to make my cancer diagnosis comforting as they could.
I filled out my answers not including the admission nurse She was pretty bad She wanted to send me home because I was only 2 cm dialated even though my contractions were less than 2 min apart + I was in considerable pain She said if i "was in that much pain then I wouldn't be able to talk" She gave me a morphine shot without telling me the consequences of the shot I told her I didn't think I should go home + she said, there's no point in talking now Let me give you the shot + we can talk after
I filled out survey about the times I went to XXXXXXXX emergency department
I find now you have to do everything yourself ask for facilities straighten your bedding etc. Just like home Old hospital care is gone Bed gets changed when you leave
I found all staff take caring compassionate & knowledgeable about my condition & syndrome.
I found cystoscopy procedure somewhat painful.
I found Dr XXXXXXXXXXX to be very harsh and almost indifferent ... this was in direct contact to the nurses and others who were so kind & compassionate. He seems to be a very strange man but then this is just my opinion.
I found every aspect of my treatment to be of help.
I found everyone to be professional + kind The doctors were very thorough, (unreadable) number of medications before finally inserting a pacemaker I had excellent care Thank you so much Dr. XXXXX
I found I was also learning how to deal with my care from my GP, nurse, & internet
I found I was well looked after by all levels + I thank them. My only complaint which caused my worry was with clerical staff sending my insurance bill to a company XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I have never heard of or used This was sloppy record keeping
I found my stay in your hospital excellent. A very good hospital with very good staff.
I found my stay to be a rewarding experience
I found on the phone + the day of surgery that everyone was kind + very nice to me + I will always remember those warm blankets. Thank you all.
I found questions 50 and 52 very objectionable and far too personal. How can they possibly be helpful and necessary in a questionnaire about your hospital stay.
I found staff friendly, knowledgeable, kind, courteous, and very helpful. Lots of smiles and laughter that made me very comfortable the day of my surgery. Thank you!
I found that the EMS team and nurses were very professional and communicative.
I found that there was little support & guidance for bottle feeding when the woman could not or chose not to breastfeed. Fed is best & the woman's wellbeing should count so hospital staff & written information should support both options.
I found the day shift always came in the room + introduced themselves but never the night shift on rehab.
I found the doctors + nurses to be very professional, courteous + respectful. The ward clerk that checked me in + gave me my bracelet was not friendly, nor professional - was chatting w/ another employee + dressed in workout clothes.
I found the hospital to be excellent in their care for me I had a broken shoulder The care & kindness they gave me was overwhelming and greatly appreciated
I found the meal trays not necessary I didn't eat it once, waste of hospital money Also there needs to be an in house lactation consultant to help with breastfeeding in my 4 day stay. I saw one for 15 mins
I found the meals boring. Otherwise I have no complaints.
I found the nursing care improved. Food was still luke warm.
I found the one doctor I had very abrupt and what I considered rude during one of her daily visits. Granted, I was under the influence of pain meds but the tone she spoke to me and the attitude she displayed were, in my opinion, not acceptable. I had her for 2 or 3 days and this situation was only displayed this one time.
I found the time I spent in the emergency, it was impossible to sleep much while the staff were great, it was very noisy. I had a heart attack + would really need sleep. NIght time was just to noisy.
I found the wait time to be long It was due to understaffing in the x-ray department. Somehow this impacted all patients waiting - The volunteers were excellent & very helpful I hope they receive lots of praise from the hospital organization
I found the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX staff to be kind, courteous and empathetic at all times. The care I have received is second to none.
I found this difficult to answer because I have had this procedure done for 20 years since Dr. XXXX retired. This was a first visit with this dr. a student preformed the exam and dr. checked the results in 20 yrs this was the first time I saw a cloth with blood on it when the student put it out - (unreadable) removed it quickly
I fully understand it was busy and appreciate the people who work in a hospital but there were 15-20 ahead of myself that all were seen (you notice when you wait hours) and about 10 people that came in after myself that went in. I waited 10 min to try to let the staff know I was leaving and then just left feeling bad doing so but I had to get home to young children as did my ride. I have had good experiences here and probably would try again at some point if needed but this evening was a fail.
I got a bladder infection at home after surgery. Made a doctor's appointment and was put on antibiotics which cleared up as far as I know. Return visit on XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I got an infection + had a bad experience in getting it under control
I got the best of care Sometimes it's hard to get good care when a person is tired or sick so they do their best
I got the care that I needed including some tests it does take some time to get this care but in the end I felt that I was well looked after.
I greatly appreciated Dr. XXXXX taking the time & concern to set with me. I had severe pain in both my ears (sinus infection) I was crying due to this infection. The empathy was greatly appreciated. Thank you (excuse errors)
I had 4 ER visits this was first one. First three had very good care. Last one XXXXX left in wheel chair, curtained off for 5 hours. Got nurse by calling out to go to bathroom. No bell etc. Dr. good when I saw him. Other 3 times positive.
I had a "student", not a dr. see me. I didn't once see the dr. (don't know if that matters or not. She was great. Nicer than most drs. I have seen at hospital
I had a 3 week stay and was always treated very well by everyone. I was always thankful to everyone.
I had a bad wound on my right leg, my dog bit the shin of my leg it was bad and infected & after 3 1/2 hrs I saw a doctor who looked at it said I did a good job, covered it back up and sent me home?
I had a bladder infection and was peeing blood, I think it would have been helpful in my situation to have a nurse see me sooner than six hours and give me the prescription because that was all the doctor did.
I had a blood transfusion and an emergency happened on the floor + my nurse had to switch out with another nurse. This nurse + a few other nurses were very confused in the procedure as they only do this procedure approximately every 6 month One suggestion would be have procedure reviewed/available easily so if they need to be reviewed they can be.
I had a butterfly inserted into my elbow arm area where you bend your arm (right side), butterfly inside arm elbow area couldn't find a vein. The plastic piece once it was inserted bent down and was hitting veins so my arm went numb, white, grey in colour. After a couple of times talking to nurses XXXXXX took it out and showed me the item. It was weird but it did hurt / arm no wonder my arm was falling asleep, XXXXXX did good. I told her so. (XXXXXXXXXXXXX) I couldn't bend my arm properly either.
I had a comfortable experience.
I had a favorable hospital stay. Although I suffered from excruciating pain after my hip replacement surgery. Dr. XXXXXXXXXX was extremely helpful in helping to check my medication and my pain He changed my medication several times until he found the right medication for my pain.
I had a good experience and the doctor & nurses were very good!
I had a good stay at the hospital. I though the staff were very nice.
I had a good stay in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and later in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX nurses I had was very good XXXXXXXXXXX
I had a great staff looking after my needs & all the staff on ICU were always there for me "good job" everyone. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I had a great stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. The doctors were amazing and most of the nurses. My labour nurse was extremely amazing - her name is XXXXXX. The private room was very small for what you pay for. My midwife helped me to breastfeed but if I didn't have a midwife I fear I would have not learned and bottle fed because when my midwife was not there and I had questions nurses either seemed unknowledgeable or unwilling to help with breastfeeding. My answers in this survey reflect the care I got from the nurses besides about breastfeeding as they were extremely unhelpful in that area
I had a hip replacement and the procedures + process were very well laid out and efficient. The food was a huge improvement over my last stay in hospital many years ago.
I had a mild stroke and the hospital and staff were very good. I was completely updated as to what to expect when I got home. They arranged physio to come to my house. Thank you to the hospital and staff for their care and help.
I had a nurse named XXXXXXXX tell my husband to shut up, I was not impressed I was so upset he was trying to tell her what was wrong. I refused to have her as a nurse
I had a nurse, she was by my side the WHOLE time I was in the hospital. Her name was XXXXXX (short, glasses, dark hair) she was AMAZING to not only myself but to my family. She honestly made my stay worth it. So thank you so much XXXXXX
I had a problem health concern took ambulance here and they admit me and ignored my health concern
I had a problem with nurses when I first entered the hospital. They did not want me to wear a diaper no bed pans I had incontinence very bad a painful knee & a broken hip bone. I told the doctor he fixed the problem by bringing the BR to me. Got along fine with nurses after that.
I had a procedure to repair a collapsed lung. That night in bed I experienced pain in my left shoulder blade area, I was not given anything for the pain. I asked for a pillow to put under my shoulder blade as I was unable to get a proper nights sleep. The doctor I saw in the hospital 2 days later said no wonder you were in pain. They went through bone & muscle. I was given a prescription for antibiotics & painkillers at the hospital. It was phoned through, to my pharmacy. Also the hole was in the wrong place.
I had a sebaceous cyst removed from my shoulder in XXXXX Trigger finger done with a needle in XXXXXXXX. Both hospitals were top notch.
I had a still birth at 35 wks and everyone was amazing to me + my family and we could not be more grateful
I had a stillborn which is why I left some questions blank Our nurses in the maternity ward were amazing - XXX and XXXXX - We couldn't have gotten through without them, our midwives XXXXXX and XXXXXX and Dr. XXXXXXXX. Thank you to all!
I had a stroke at XXXXXXXXXXXXXX and the ambulance had me in emergency and treatment started in 29 minutes. Triple "A" performance from everyone involved. As a results, I do not have any after effects from the acute stroke.
I had a very disruptive roommate - especially during the night. The nurses did their best & I managed. I think the nurses had dealt with her before.
I had a very good care & would recommend it to anybody.
I had a very good experience in the Day Surgery Clinic. All health care people were professional & courteous.
I had a very nice time but glad to get home
I had a very positive experience as always with the health care system Keep up the good work!
I had a very positive experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX during & after my childbirth All of the staff were wonderful, especially the labour/delivery nurses. I was treated with respect, compassion & kindness which will always be remembered
I had a very uncomfortable moment when the anesthesiologist placed the apparatus over my face. A quick explanation prior about perhaps feeling suffocated, how to breathe or just to hang in there this will end would have helped I was on the verge of grabbing it away.
I had a wasp sting that I had a reaction to.
I had a wonderful hospital stay but was given no guidance in breastfeeding. It would of been nice for the nurses to check latch/positioning often and made sure I knew what I was doing before being discharged.
I had a wonderful stay at the hospital Everyone was kind and friendly, putting me at ease I was very impressed with how smoothly everything went. The nurses were exceptional at every area in which I was
I had an allergic reaction to medication given @ hospital and it took time for them to give me other medication. When asking for a drink it took hours to get one I did not get a bed until 3 am and was kicked out at 7am. Had been at the hospital since 10am the day before It also took several nurses to try and get an IV in me and after 10 tries they stopped I had to drink liquid CT drink and was having issues drinking anything due to my hernia.
I had an excellent child birth experience thanks to the wonderful nursing staff in L&D and my doctor
I had an excellent experience
I had an excellent experience during my hospital stay Thank you so much to the entire staff of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX!
I had an excellent experience nursing (every single nurse) was wonderful. The hospitalist I had was not great (loud, obnoxious + argumentative + rude) his decision about a medication scared me because I knew he wrong but wouldn't admit it until several days later also why is there no place to buy a snack other than emerg? All other times are open 24 hrs - why not XXX? I want to repeat the nursing was more than excellent. Xray, lab, housekeeping all really good. One hospitalist not very good until he seemed to try to make amends
I had an eye injury on a busy day - not severe. So I was a justifiably low for age priority on a busy day.
I had an itchy rash a doctor gave me a prescription Ferrous Sulfate I guessed it gave me the itch or I quit taking it. Still a bit itchy XX yrs old XXX
I had an overall good experience with the care One thing I was confused about was that I was not given a written note or anything that signified what my MRI showed, like muscle or soft tissue damage that occurred in the motor vehicle accident I was involved in
I had bed sores from lack of being moved sufficiently, one which was very nasty!
I had changed from clonazepam to lorazepam : I feel calmer
I had Chron's surgery twice and a larger menu choice is needed. I need bread or potatoes added to every meal. The lack of menu choice could affect my recovery. We should fill out the old menu choice cards.
I had complications following a Gall Bladder operation that was performed in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Despite not having the operation at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, I was cared for by all the staff in a very professional, kindly manner at all times. I especially appreciate the expertise of my surgeon Dr. XXXXXXXX, and the thorough efforts on his part to resolve my health care issue. Thank you, XXXXXXXXXXXX
I had excellent care @ XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
I had excellent care Good food Treated with respect & care MY doctor is retiring so Dr XXXX from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX took me as his patient at her office Dr XXXXXX from XXXXXX was my doctor
I had excellent care I had no complaints at all
I had excellent care while I was at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX!
I had excellent care. Nurses were wonderful 4th floor. Emergency nurse & doctor where great.
I had excellent treatment at XXX emergency department. Since their x-ray is not available at night we had to drive to XXXXXX for x-rays and back to XXXXXXX for treatment.
I had extreme bleeding after the procedure while still in hospital.
I had fantastic care when I was there The nurses did a fantastic job even though they were undoubtedly stressed due to the pandemic.
I had great care in XXXXXXXX. The only problem was that there was no bed in XXXXXX for continuing care. Ambulance drivers & nurse to XXXXXX were great
I had great care on the other had my roommate was an older lady and was not always shown the same respect. On one occasion I asked the nurse would you speak to you grandmother the way she spoke to her.
I had great nurses who you can tell love their job! There's changes happening that mothers should be aware of before hand. For example; not supplying diapers, I brought diapers but my baby didn't fit in them. Sadly the little kitchen on the floor has to be locked because people abused it. It's hard when you're hungry or thirsty and have to call your nurse to get something Overall, I loved my nurses, so friendly and made me fell comfortable the whole time
I had great service that day. I would also like to add that my wifes health has been declining over the last 11 years dude to cancer. I have taken her to emergency on many many occasions and she always got great care
I had high blood pressure 5 days post partum. It would have been nice to be able to go back to labour and delivery instead of sitting in the ER with a newborn. A better system should be in place for post partum problems.
I had low explanations due to cut backs but I was very impressed with the care I received. Everyone was professional, respectful and caring. Nurses, doctors & all staff were very compassionate and present when doing there job. Thank you for the good experience when I was very vulnerable given the health challenge I was dealing with.
I had MANY concerns with respect to my dad's stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX site as well as the XXXXXXXX site. I had a meeting with XXXXXXXXXXXXX (manager of XXXXXXXXXXXX) and expressed my concerns over my dad's stay at XXXXXXXXX. Social worker - XXXXXXXXXXXXX and nurse practitioner XXXXXXXX were also present. In a followup meeting with XXXXXX, XXXXX and six other staff I expressed my concerns re XXXXXXXXXXX. XXXXX made a recommendation to speak to XXXX from patient experience. She called on XXXXX and left a messaged. I returned call and left messages on XXXXX and X I have yet to receive a reply. So I guess you really don't want my opinion. XXXXXXXXXXXXX (PoA) (daughter)
I had my knee replaced and all staff involved were very considerate, caring, and most of all, very patient and kind Thank you!
I had my tonsils out. I am blind. I was supposed to stay the night but signed myself out early as I could get better care at home than in the hospital. The communication with the dietician for my celiac disease did not happen. The staff was unknowledgeable as to what is in their own food. They brought me food I cannot have for celiac disease, nor for a tonsil procedure. They gave me soup saying it was alright but I vomited multiple times after I got home. I waited 8 hours to go to the washroom, two hours for water to drink, and 2.5 hours for pain medication. Two nurses reprimanded me for calling them the wrong names when I am blind and didn't know it was different people as they did not say who they were. The dietician didn't know a cream soup she suggested had gluten in it and I shouldn't have to educate the dietician. The nursing staff were gossiping in the hall and treated my celiac disease as a joke saying. It was a hostile comment that I cannot recall the exact wording of. My mother had to tell them that it was diagnosed by a hospital surgeon after a hospital procedure done at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and that I am not gluten -free to be trendy. The nursing staff had a bad attitude toward my vision impairment of being legally blind as well as toward my having Asperger's and anxiety. I went in under confidential because I experienced domestic violence earlier in the year from my biological father and the police were involved. I don't think the nursing staff was very respectful about my request for confidential status and thought it was because of an ex - boyfriend or something. They don't know that my mother is being stalked by him, that he is a jealous drunk with a lot of weapons, etc. It is the small percentage of true domestic violence with a high risk of lethality. My mother tried to impress this upon them before I was admitted but they didn't even want to know who I didn't want in my room, what his name or connection to me was, or what to do in case he did show up (you would need about 4 officers to control him). I did not get to see a dietician prior to admission, and had to request and advocate to get the dietician in but it was a couple hours after lunch had passed and I couldn't eat what was on my tray. I heard a nurse tell another lady in the room who had a knee replacement who had said that she rang the button to go to the washroom over two hours prior, and the nurse told that lady to 'pee the bed.' My mother was horrified hearing this as she is due for a knee replacement and is now telling her surgeon she will not go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX because of the nursing staff in the ward after surgery.
I had one nurse that was exceptional in her care to me she gave me a shower + always changed my bedding.
I had several visits to ER in the past month. I only answered to the first visit.
I had spinal fusion surgery at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on XXXXXXXXX. On XXXXXXXXX I was to be taken to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX The transportation was very The transportation was very bad I was not supposed to sit for more than 15 minutes and I was put in a wheelchair in a old van and only the back of the chair was fastened down The driver had no idea where he was going and twice the front of the wheelchair went up in the air and I had to grab his seatbelt to stop from flipping over He drove me from XXXXXXX to XXXXXXX + then to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXX where he was told he was to take me to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I am very lucky if he did not destroy all the good work the neurosurgeon did on my back My doctor said I should have been on a stretcher not in a wheelchair My stay at both hospitals was 1st class but the transportation was a complete disaster Hopefully this does not happen to anyone else Thank you
I had the best of medical treatment/attendance at the hospital
I had the most cared for help and kindness. One could ever ask for during my whole ten days there. Many thanks
I had the scope done cancer runs in family
I had the tip from my hearing aid stuck in the ear canal at bedtime Emerge staff were very helpful
I had to give the nurses a thank you care because the nurses was very good and kind.
I had to go down to ultrasound before my procedure to have a ultrasound guided wire put in my breast from day surgery the porter took me down to 1st floor through registration & lobby. I was very uncomfortable I was in a hospital gown & had been admitted to day surgery already with this as I felt my privacy was invaded with a full room of admissions & lobby this could be avoided because a different porter & came back up to day surgery through the back halls of the hospital I seen no one but staff I felt paraded through the lobby & registration & yes I recognized some people I should have been brought down through the back hallways
I had to return the next day for my x-ray I returned in the morning but had a different doctor as I was put in a different area
I had total knee replacement surgery 6 weeks ago by Dr. XXXXX Him & his nursing staff are excellent as well as XXXXXX in physio therapy department. The porters are great as well to help me to get to physio therapy I am very happy with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX staff In fact if there is an opportunity to become a porter or to help in housekeeping, I would love the chance to work at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX maybe part time I currently have a full time job just recovering from knee surgery Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I had trouble with a roommate not respecting the need for quiet, especially at nighttime Her TV was left on and loud almost always The nurse tried once passively to get her to use headphones but I don't think that was handled appropriately The roommate affected my stay negatively
I had two very bloody gashes in my hand, where a puppy had inadvertently harmed me. It looked terrible, and 11 fellow (unreadable) at XXXXXXXXX insisted I get a tetanus shot done cross the road from XXXXXXXXXXXXXX, I agreed to go, in spite of the wound not really hurting now. The waiting room was packed, the volunteer gave me a number + I found a seat in the front row. The girl next done was called up within ten min, or so, + since my number was not much greater than hers, I expected to be in + out in a hurry. Not so. This was only a preliminary getting health info, etc. I spoke with the (unreadable) also were waiting through was probably 3 - 3 1/2 hrs. I decided to go to the hospital in XXXXXXXXXXXX where I had a very short wait. The waiting room there had only one occupant when I arrived, I was invited to explain my problem within ten, fifteen minutes + sat down on the waiting room again. Then people seemed to be joining me from all directions, presumably having been checked in from others, (unreadable) emergencies. Went right ot the doctors. I was in no pain, and certainly understand others who were being cared for first but it was still about a three hour wait from 3:30 or so to 9:30 finally home. Everyone was kind, helpful, whatever, but I would guess sadly understaffed. I had my tetanus shot, my hand is perfectly healed, and had I gone to the emergency when I broke my baby finger my writing would be more legible now! Sincerely, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I had very good care and organizing care for coming home
I had went to emerg the night before but we had arrived around 2:00 PM and at 2:30 in the morning we were still sitting in the waiting room so we left in order for me to go to school and my mom to work They should let younger children go in first as some had been there longer than me.
I had wonderful & friendly care, I couldn't ask for anything more.
I had wonderful nurses that helped my experience be the best it could be despite covid-19 restrictions
I hate going because it is never any help and I don't want to end up dead like my grandfather who did not receive proper care & died on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXs watch
I have a plan of care but not always followed. Was asked why I am back again. Nurses are rude & judgemental. I am scared to go in because of treatment but have to if pain gets too bad.
I have allergy sensitivities to metal from lead injuries & sensitivities and electrical magnetic sensitivity which very few people misunderstand it makes other people think there is something like I'm crazy but I wish they could understand what it's all about
I have always been happy with professional level of care received at XXXX.
I have always felt comfortable with the care that I have received
I have always gone to XXXXXXXX I have given XXXXX several times an opportunity to help me when I needed them. And I don't get the care nor the satisfaction that I request as a patient as I do at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXX Service is fast, caring and comfortable atmosphere I drive 20 mins out of my way to seek the healthcare I deserve.
I have always got great treatment all the time in XXXXXXXX or XXXXXX Mr XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX.
I have always had enjoyable, comfortable and safe feeling stay in each and all of my hospital visits.
I have always had excellent care while at hospital
I have always received excellent care and service at XXXXXXXXXX. Came from the far north almost 6 years ago.
I have an auto-immune disease and it would be nice if there was a small area say myself and maybe cancer patients could go who are very susceptible to illnesses or have low or no immune system to ward off infections
I have been a XXXXXXXXXXXXX of a lg portfolio in XXXXXXXXXX You should be complimented on your excellent nrsg care & organization Very impressive.
I have been deaf since birth, so discussing with doctors was not satisfactory, nursing staff were wonderful and learned sign language from me which make me feel included & valued.
I have been going to the Emerge for many years from brining in my children and my husband + is with the best of care, concern + results from all employees = start to finish. That includes lab, x-ray, nurses, doctors, reception! XXXXXXXXXXXX!
I have been hospitalized for major surgeries twice before. This current one was difficult. I was given a strong laxative the evening before discharge. I do not remember consenting, but I may have (medication affected my thinking). I had uncomfortable diarrhea in the night and had terrible messes to clean up. The discharge nurse was rude to me and I told her, calmly, that I was offended. Because I couldn't recall her instructions she chastised me This after I had had a terrible night + was (unreadable) + had to be discharged. Additionally, my doctor's beside manner did not work for me. But his surgery was excellent. Overall, the nursing was good Physiotherapy was adequate but one constant was clearly not up to the job. The food was the worst I've ever had in a hospital.
I have been in hospitals in XXXXXX & XXXXXXX. XXXXXX has the cleanest hospital by far. It makes me feel that I am safer from unwanted germs.
I have been to emerg a great deal it seems with heart issues also COPD. Sarnia hospital has always been so good to me anytime.
I have been to to emergency on several occasions - heart back and diabetes - only once was a doctor terse but I was having a heart attack and maybe he needed to be.
I have been very well taken care of Very satisfy Thank you very much
I have completed this for my father who suffers from advanced dementia He was treated with kindness and respect from the staff in ICU. (XXXXXXXXX) When he was transferred to telemetry that ended. I was very disappointed with his care in that department Thank you
I have concerns about the amount of protein offered in certain entrees for example the pot pie had 2 pieces of chicken potatoes + 2 carrots I don't complain it adequate nutrition for a patient also the chicken salad had all lettuce no other vegetable + 3 small pieces of chicken is chicken weighed so an appropriate amount of protein is offered to the patient? I do feel some entrees were ok but these 2 entrees need to be reviewed. Thank you.
I have COPD + congestive heart failure I am on oxygen. One of my meds is methadone 10 c what I took with me I gave to them This med is for pain + they wouldn't leet me have any I was in terrible pain for days till I finally got it straightened around thanks only to my sister They lied to us about talking to my dr. Real turn off They tried to take me off my oxygen at night. Said I didn't need it.
I have COPD the meds prescribed I have taken before.
I have cystinuria + according to urologist, I am the only one w/ this recessive metabolic disorder. I am always treated for kidney stones or other UTI. On this occasion a nurse improperly read the doctors instructions regarding 2 intramuscular injections and then a reassessment before giving me a third.
I have found the XXXXXXXX location more efficient than the XXXXXX location.
I have great appreciation of how hard the nurses work. They made me feel very comfortable.
I have great gratitude ot have such an excellent ER and hospital to go to on a time of physical need. Thank you!
I have had 3 surgeries done and have always had a great experience Emergency however needs improvements!! They need a lot more help
I have had a handful of visits/procedure performed at your facility and most were very negative experiences
I have had good now never use to before, you waited hours. That's why I never go if I have to.
I have had many day surgeries & all hospital personal have been very nice & professional. XXXXXXXXXXXX
I have had many operations Please give prescription early so we do not have to go to the pharmacy on the way home Please give prescription early.
I have had numerous times to use XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and have always been happy with the care I received.
I have had occasion to spend time in several hospitals and this last stay, I felt the most comfortable. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I have hearing aids and when my name was called, I didn't hear it. If they could come further into the waiting room to call names, I think it would be better.
I have just moved to XXXXXXX in the last 3 months - If I were to be honest - A lot of people told me the hospital does not give good care - That is the reason it took me 3 weeks to go to emergency to seek help for my injury. But my experience was good. Thank you.
I have lived in XXXXXX my whole life and love our hospital. Everyone is amazing.
I have many ailments that are unusual and require very timely medication. It was difficult to make the staff understand the importance of this. When I was in ICU, I felt that emphasis was always on worst case scenario rather than a positive outcome. I often felt pressured to change my DNR direction from 'do everything possible' to 'just make me comfortable' . On one occurrence, when I asked for help, I was told, 'You have to wait, I am dealing with someone much sicker than you'. I was unable to breath...I think that is pretty sick. Most staff was excellent, but not all.
I have medical anxiety and I was nervous to be in a hospital but the amazing staff at XXXXXXXXX and midwife made my stay a very enjoyable experience. Thank you.
I have never been treated so "unimportant" by a doctor Had surgery @ XXXX in XXXXXX XXXXXX and await more surgery in XXXXX So someone need to educate Dr. XXXX!!!
I have never considered myself First Nations, but I am. I didn't know I was until my mid 40's, so I consider myself 'white', but am using the Native plan for hospital related items now that I am widowed and my husband's plan is moot.
I have never had a bad experience at XXX in XXXXXXXX.
I have never had such totally excellent care in hospital. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a model that in an ideal world, would be at every hospital in Canada
I have never had surgery of any kind and was nervous going in, but everyone I came across was very kind and attentive. I was impressed by my overall experience. It was quite amazing really!
I have no complaints as I excellent hospital care!
I have no complaints whatsoever. I received exemplary care during all my hospital visits
I have no faith in my family doctor, but the doctor that admitted me in emerg. was right on (can't remember his name) Also Dr. XXXXXXX visited me and was also very nice I owe them my return to good health. X
I have no memory of first two weeks. Rehab on XXXXXX floor was excellent. I did or tried everything they asked. I had 5/1/2 hospital excellent service after my stroke.
I have not been in a hospital in 47 years. I was treated in a lovely way. They were all kind & respectful I have sung their praises since I got home.
I have nothing but good words + total experience during my 2 days in the surgical unit. XXXXXXXXXXX
I have nothing but great respect for the care and treatment I received in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX from XXXXXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXXX. Thank you all!
I have nothing now to add. I would like to thank everyone involved in my care. My total care was excellent. I enjoyed rehab especially. The girls made these sessions fun. XXXXXXXXXX
I have nothing to say but positive comments I had hip replacement + only required a one night stay Amazing!!
I have noticed a huge change in the past few yrs of XXXXXXXXX health. Things are more organized Less judgmental, open minded
I have pictures of the so called mels, was a good thing I had family to bring me food I saw a video of the catering, would like to know what part of the hospital they had that because where I was it was the opposite. I'm sorry to complain, I would have paid for meals if I had a choice
I have pulmonary fibrosis that causes lung infections from time to time
I have very poor understanding of questions My wife/caregiver deals with most matters. A wonderful caring hospital and staff Thank you
I have visited emerg dept 4 times in XXXX with husbands health issues and each time we were extremely pleased with service levels, time in care and overall rate XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX as A+ exceptional! Thank you
I hope I did right I am legally blind Thank you.
I hope our hospitals get the help they need to speed up the people that don't have doctors. I miss emergency room being for emergencies. I love my emergency nurses!!
I hope we don't lose our XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. It is top notch.
I just felt I was rushed out to be discharged and wandered if it was because my bp had a tendency to be high on that day.
I just stayed over night.
I just want them to know I was looked at with a stethoscope and was diagnosed with asthma well still til this day I am having tests done ct scan because I still am having problems breathing so I would say I was misdiagnosed. I think they need to sit and listen to what we say we know our body best and I hear or more and more misdiagnosis.
I just want to thank all the staff specially nurse XXXXXXXX She was so so so polite and helpful All of them were Thanks again
I just want you to know that I had a fall at XXXXXX Golf and Curling club and fell headfirst and hit my full face, forehead and nose and the next day I went to the emergency dept. and that I am XX
I just wanted to say the birth of my 2nd child was amazing! My midwife XXXXXXXXXXX went above and beyond to provide excellent, empathetic care. This birth was wonderful compared to my 1st traumatic birth (she was not there). XXXXXX is the BEST! Also, the male dr who did my epidural, I could not have survived my birth without that absolutely perfect level of pain management. He seriously deserves a medal!
I kept the names of over 20 nurses/doctors/support staff and each one treated me in an excellent way!
I knew before I arrived at emerg that I was to be admitted. Emerg was cold & I was there for over 3 hrs then finally got to room & paperwork took till 10:45 pm, 6:15 arrival time, only 2 other patients at the time
I know that our new students need to practice, but being older it would have been better if a experience person would do the procedure (throat quite bruised) Only complaint.
I left ICU + was moved to (telemetry) not sure how to spell. Any infection could have been fatal. When I went to use the bathroom there were 3 diff areas of stool on it in various degrees of aging I decided I was better off at home and left that day!
I left my bank cared & credit cared in my room when I left - staff called my home to let me know & how to get them back. Thanks
I left the hospital XXXXXX not XXXXXX Transferred from surgical to medical Why? Then to rehab!
I like the nurses and doctors kindness and care to their patients. They care so much especially the doctors in charge I admired them and appreciated their duties. They even advised my daughter to stop using her phone & sleep early at night. My daughter is doing great!! Thank you so much!
I like the staff and trust my surgeon
I love + appreciate XXXX
I love my hospital and would really like to keep it.
I love XXXXXXXXXXXX! Its the best
I love XXXXXXXXXXXX!!
I love XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and staff
I loved my stay. I had a great experience. I enjoyed myself.
I loved the cleanliness of the hospital Also how friendly everyone was. Everything was clearly marked in regards to departments All this made me feel comfortable right upon entering
I made the mistake of saying a RPN is a step down from RN - and the nurse took it out on me and I was given a dried up sandwich for lunch. I then said to her it was a step up & was treated better.
I mention that I thought I was in shock a few times to nurses and the doctor - I received no assistance for this - I was shaking uncontrollably and was not offered a blanket until I asked for one many hours later - I was also not told that the pain meds were narcotics.
I must applaud all of the staff on the Maternal, Infant, Child Unit. I felt so comfortable with all the staff and they were so caring and loving towards myself and my husband. Can't say enough about the staff, especially when you are a new and nervous mom! My only concerns with my two day stay was that my husband and I stayed in the ward with two other families - which was not my favourite memory. I felt like we didn't get the privacy we wanted, the space and the quiet environment with our newborn. It was also difficult to have guests. It also takes a toll on your mental stability being in a small ward for two days, I couldn't wait to go home. My other concern is I was struggling with my baby latching at the hospital. I wish the staff would have offered me a breast pump to pump and syringe feed my newborn. The staff did offer other suggestions but I was not offered the breast pump which I wish I would have just asked for now. Other then these concerns my husband and I couldn't be more thankful for the wonderful, caring staff! As a XXXXX myself, I appreciate kindness over everything!
I need liquid nutrition! Needed liquid besides water and juice, had prostate surgery, served solid food during my stay! Couldn't eat solids!
I need to be here trust me, I'm scored because every day they talk of discharge and mentally I'm not ready for that cause that would result in a horrible situation.
I needed an MRI and could not get one so I had to wait several weeks from my family dr.
I needed two more nights in hospital. Two nights did not feel like enough for my condition
I never go to the ER in XXXXXX - it is not the most pleasant, efficient place and has a really negative reputation in the community However, this time, I had to go and I was impressed I was seen quickly and felt taken care of I went ready for a 4-6 hour miserable experience but was in and out in just over an hour My perception of the XXXXXXXXX has changed due to that positive experience
I never got a clear answer on what was wrong, that my x-ray was clear, no breaks.
I never got to a room. I stayed in emerg for a day and a half and then to XXXXXX. On returning to XXXXXX I was told I would be put in a room. It was about midnight and staying in a small er room so long I decided to go home for my own good health an rest. I have no real complaints except for how long Everything took to do outside the time frames told to me. I had a heart attack and when I got home I was beat and did not want to worry about the next disturbance. PS ... I was offered food only Once in all the time I was there.
I never saw my doctor except once when I begged to see him in my 44 day stay. Dr. XXXXXXXXXX
I never want to be in that condition again I learned my lesson
I noted that each hospital job was executed with trained skill no matter what their level.
I notice management + admin due a lot of changes. How can nurse + drs keep there spirits up when so many things are going on around them. I've talked + dealt with 2 specialists + they are all so fed up - but as they say "you just keep plugging along" + wait for your chance - or something better elsewhere!!!
I noticed everyone was very happy while carrying out their duties
I noticed, after care emergency information is missing. I was not sure whom to talk if something goes wrong after I went home.
I observed the nurses on the floor are worked to maximum or more I was XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX at work
I only had one nurse in Emergency that was not friendly. (it was like I was bothering her to go to the washroom, I could not get out of bed as the sides were in place). The nurse who put the intravenous in my arm in emergency - did not seem to do professional job and had trouble inserting the needle in the arm - kept pushing and said she was letting a block but said it should be ok, but it had to be redone in the other arm at 4 a.m. in the morning as it came out. Also, I asked several times as to the results of the blood work taken but I was told they were so busy in Emergency that they did not know the results. When you consider the entire stay and surgery everyone treated me very well.
I only had one nurse who was kind of rude, she seemed to not give me answers I could understand. And when I told her this is only 2nd time up to bathroom & the 1st time was not good. Nurse made me walk with no extra help to support me and not assist me with a commode chair like 1st time up to bathroom & she (nurse) was always in a hurry in and out of my room never explained very well to me
I only have good things to say about XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. The nurses & staff were patient & kind & helpful! The hospital is very clean & organized! This was my second stay this year. Keep up the good work!
I overall very pleased with surgery, surgery staff & hospital staff for 2 nights I spent in hospital following surgery, especially considering my surgery was XXXXXX when coronavirus began
I owe the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX staff my life. Forever grateful.
I particularly liked your food, much better than XX in XXXXXX.
I pay & signed a paper stating I would except extra charges for a semi-private room at 2 am. I was put in a room I described as the zoo. I didn't even have a drape around the bed I was in & the conditions were deplorable. Small children running around the beds when the patients where being taken care of. I could hardly wait for my family to get me out of there.
I rather stay in general where my family is. Better for them.
I realize they had to figure out what was the matter, but I went in at 2 am on XXXX & they didn't operate until 6:30 pm XXX. I have an ulcer & couldn't drink anything all day or eat so ulcer very upset. Also, to me they don't send enough about what to expect after you go home eg. - diet. I also had to go to different sources to find out what to eat & if bowel movements were accurate. - People should be more informed about what to expect, not just handed a sheet of paper with general information. My nerves were a wreck because I didn't think things were progressing fast enough like the sheet said.
I really appreciate, everyone there was wonderful. Very clean environment too.
I really appreciated the doc ordering an x-ray for me He really listened and helped to resolve my concerns I was there for 2 hrs and we ruled out pneumonia
I received a bite on my arm while cutting grass - the doctor looked at it drew a circle around it, nurse told me what it was, gave me a (unreadable) that was an antibiotic, 40 pills to 10 days which made me sick on XXXXXXXX. Had to go to my family dr. and got the right cream which cured it No pills
I received a list of meds I was on during my stay. Not one word of her to withdraw from these drugs. I was very very sick for weeks. I told my family to monitor all drugs in future
I received a text from a client of mine days before surgery asking what I was having done because while she was in as a patient saw my binder. I told the nurse and they did apologize. I did question my privacy though
I received excellent attention and care at emerg, in the OR, in recovery and on third floor overnight. I always felt that nurses and doctors we're attentive and concerned about the pain I was in. Regarding question number six, the surgeon would anticipate my questions and answer them before they were fully asked and I felt as if I did not get full answers. One nurse went beyond the call of duty. Nurse XXXX XXXX on third floor was particularly attentive when I was nauseated by pain medication. She checked in on me repeatedly, held warm compresses on my neck, wiped my forehead and did anything else that she could to keep me comfortable. At time of discharge, vomiting had subsided but I was still feeling very nauseated. I was concerned that I might vomit between the room and getting to my car. In order to save my dignity nurse XXXX rolled me in a wheelchair to the main entrance where my husband was waiting taking back hallways of the hospital to get me there. Thank you for the opportunity to participate in this survey.
I received excellent care and instructions from physiotherapy, occupational therapy, and speech - language therapy staff. Very impressive!
I received excellent care at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX as well as XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I received excellent care from most of the nurses who took extra time to listen to my concerns but I also had a negative experience with a doctor that greatly upset me (and 1 nurse)
I received excellent care! Everyone was very helpful, kind It was very helpful to have the LC visit, as well I accessed those services at the health unit after my stay
I received excellent service and care on my recent visit to emergency dept
I received great care
I received great care from dr & nurse when in emerg, great care from nurses while an in-patient it was very difficult to talk to Dr. XXX I didn't feel respected, or listened to by him. He had no interest in figuring out what was wrong or helping me to get well
I received my care in a chair they had no beds for anybody. I should have been admitted I was in no shape to leave. This hospital needs a LOT of improvement. I truly hope changes can be made! Thank you.
I received no drink or food all day.
I received the same treatment several times at this hospital over the last 3 years, so some of the questions didn't really apply to me with this last visit.
I received very good care. I am an employee of XXX with 30+ years experience, so some questions or info or follow up I managed and or am aware of, so didn't require the explanation from staff. I received a call on XXXXXX changing my XXXXXX surgery time - but then still went early. The staff member in pre admit talked too much about her own problems and conditions.
I received wonderful care during my hospital stay. All staff were professional and personable. I was given a lot of education from the nurses and a lot of hand outs to take home. With regards to breast and bottle feeding there is no education on the unit for bottle feeding, which is unfortunate. The breastfeeding information is very one sided and 'breast is best', which I believe is quite dated. 'Fed is best'. The nurses who provided care were very supportive and did not make me feel pressure to breastfeed. I thought it was terrible that the breastfeeding hand out states that women who don't breastfeed are at a higher risk for breast and ovarian cancer and that children who aren't breastfed are at an increased risk for some childhood cancers. Some women are unable to breastfeed despite wanting to and making them feel even worse about this is just wrong. Shout out to XXXXX who was my primary nurse and absolutely wonderful! I cannot say enough good things about the care I received from all the nurses and doctors! I am so grateful!
I required a x-ray of my back due to a injury. Due to my back pain I found it difficult to move from side to side on the xray table I could have used more assistance to turn over.
I said my name + DOB 100 times that day I think
I sat for 2 hours. I guess I really wasn't considered an emergency & I left without treatment
I sat for 6 hours after being triaged with 10 minutes and put in an empty waiting room that filled up before anyone was seen for at least 2 hours. My urine was dipped but not sent to the lab and analyzed for follow up with my doctor. I had been hemmoraging.
I sat in emerg for 3 hours then sat for 3 hours on a stretcher to see a nurse & a doctor for LESS than 5 minutes. I am an XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX about to graduate.
I sat in the waiting room 9 1/2 hrs. I was admitted by a male nurse (unreadable) my temperature, oxygen lead. The triage nurse was not present and never came to her post at least 30 minutes after (unreadable). I never did talk to her only for her to judge my being as not an emergency and so many many people were admitted long before I got to see the doctor at this time my blood press. was 238. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I saw a huge difference in emergency, than before. The nurses in emergency were better than when I went last time The nurses, doctors were all very kind & answered all my questions The only issue I had was the wait time
I seem to suffer from delirium when I stay in a hospital, particularly overnight.
I specifically asked triage how long the wait was when I got there because I had to get my children later that day. They told me I would be done in time to get them. I waited 3 hours in triage, got put into a room and asked to get into a gown for the doctor to come in. I waited for almost 2 hours, asking the nurse every 20 minutes when I would be seen and kept being told 'shortly'. I was freezing the whole time I waited in the gown and she finally said 'change back in your clothes for now'. I changed and left as it was time to get my kids. Almost 6 hours of immense pain and hemorrhage bleeding and didn't even get seen or any information. I was extremely irritated and disappointed. Ended up having to pay for a babysitter later that night and drive to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to guarantee being seen.
I spent a very uncomfortable night on a bed in emerg. A nice pillow and a couple of warm blankets would have helped.
I spent eight days in a XXXXX hospital before going to XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. XXXXX care was far superior to my stay in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I spent more time in the room/ward waiting for a doctor than I waited in the waiting room!
I spent my XXXX birthday at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXX it was the most memorable birthday I have ever had I got a birthday napkin on my breakfast tray. Everyone went out of their way for me my experience was wonderful
I suffered with pain for 8 days after my visit to emergency. Thank you!
I take several medications and one is very time specific since your policy for time of medication is a 1 hr leeway one dose could be 1 hr early and the next dose 1 hr late which effects a 2 hr leeway which is not good!
I think 2 days would be a better length stay. Even for a healthy 2nd baby so that all the tests & info weren't so hectic. There is a lot going on in a short period of time.
I think all of the nurses + caregivers was really nice! I was very lonely + I did not have enough physical I did a lot of walking (unreadable) I did not (unreadable) all the time + this is why my husband brought me home which I love XX
I think further testing should have been done before the procedure was done, as no stone was found during the procedure. But my pain started again a few days later.
I think it is sad that we are so understaffed We need more staff to provide the care XXXXXX needs
I think many could benefit with a longer stay in rehab after surgery It is a excellent team
I think my nurse forgot to give me gravel while on liquid morphine during my stay. I got sick a lot during the night. But she was super nice
I think our health services very commendable we are very fortunate.
I think that XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and all the staff are excellent. They were kind and helpful at all times. A young male nurse tried to insert a catheter and had some difficulty and eventually a female nurse came in and did the procedure. He was very professional and I had no problem allowing him to do it. I was asked first if I was OK with it and I said yes. I have always had difficulty with a catheter and felt bad for him. He was super nice but when he had difficulty he immediately went and got the other nurse to do it. He did not hurt me by trying to do it himself. Very thoughtful and kind to his patients.
I think the anesthesiologist should have explained symptoms sooner than on way into the OR.
I think the nurses have to many patients to look after per shift they seem to be always very busy. I had a nurse who used to work at the hospital and quit because it was too busy not enough time to learn or absorb info.
I think there were a number of factors that helped my visit go so smoothly - it wasn't exactly characteristic. Whatever resources were given or changes were made to allow the staff to work so efficiently and seem so at ease should be permanent. I do tend to prefer XXXXXXXXXXX over XXXXXXXXX, but my recent visit was an extremely positive experience. My injury was WSIB related, and I want to stress that no one had an issue explaining to me what that entailed, which made the visit much less anxiety-inducing than I anticipated.
I think we have a great hospital here in XXXXXXXX, after so many things were taken from us, was still doing well staff, nurses & doctors are all very good XXXX on XXXXXXXXXXX I had an echogram at XXXXXXXXXX all staff were very good any question I had were answers. I put this in so I would not have to fill out another form this is my second (unreadable) in a month XXXX
I think you did a very good job for me. Thank you
I think your XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXX stink most people come to XXXXXXXX or XXXX in XXXXXXXX it is lot better care. In XXXXXX you are a number
I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. All the nurses were excellent always, I made me feel very much at ease. I was in "good hands" XX
I thought that the food was very good
I thought the dr on call that night was very thorough.
I turned in my medications while at hospital. They were dispensed to me while at the hospital when I was discharged I did not get all of them back I had to reorder. Difficult to do on XXXXXX weekend
I understand that it gets bust, but I went in for my foot. I was not sure if something was wrong, but I was not being checked.
I understand that this was during the peak of COVID19 which is why my experience was so poorly done. Definitely a lot of anxiety about COVID 19. They reminded me it wasn't COVID19 when I explained it wasn't. Neither the doctor or nurse listened to my story about the reoccurring issue (3 months). Over the next month the issue got gradually more painful and worse. After research and talking to friends on FB I was able to find my diagnosis and talk to my family doctor who then gave me proper medication. I haven't gotten it since. Usually my experience is a lot better, this time.. it wasn't.
I understand what is going on re. cutbacks & am not pleased. The nurses are good but cannot meet the needs of patients in a timely manner. They have too many patients.
I value and greatly appreciate having this emergency department.
I visited the ER two days in a row with a suspected uterine prolapse. I worked 6 hours on day one and then left as I had to report to work I returned the next day and my visit lasted 5 hours in which I received an OB/GYN referral. All the answers in this questionnaire are related to my initial visit on day one to the ER.
I visited the ER two times for this last visit - once around 10 pm, where there was an excellent, caring male nurse in triage who understood my symptoms (extrapyramidal syndrome from medication) & suggested I return the next morning as just bloodwork was required. I took his advice, and returned the next morning, but had a terrible experience with the next, female, triage nurse on duty. She was very dismissive of my symptoms, did not recognize what extrapyramidal syndrome was, and questioned why I was even at the ER. I ended up leaving, as it wasn't worth being treated in such as disrespectful way, and received care at a walk-in clinic (as my family doctor was closed for the weekend). I speculate that once she saw that I was taking antipsychotic mediation (for OCD - the meds that were causing the syndrome), she became very patronizing to me. I didn't end up sharing with her that I have a medical science background and have a very good understanding of my condition and was at the ER upon the urging of my pharmacist. Unfortunately, I am a bit leery of returning. I've only been on this serious medication for the past few years postpartum, and I definitely feel that the few times I've been to the hospital since, the tone that some of the nurses & doctors take with me is different that when I was not taking the meds. Last year, I visited in XXXXXXXXX with a very serious allergic reaction to another, related medication, and was told that I was being over-anxious. I realize that there are many unstable mental health patients frequently the ER, but there are also highly-educated professionals, like me, who have mental health diagnosis, but maintain full insight & intelligence, and still require care.
I waited 4 hours to see a doctor for a concussion I come home concerned that if I had a more serious emergency that wasn't visible I'd be in trouble only spoken to for routine admin assessment. First visit as well thank volunteer for assistance on how to get registered.
I waited 4 hrs to see a doctor to tell me to see my family doctor and recommended physio No xrays were taken to see what issue was
I waited a long time before seeing a doctor, 3-4 hrs but they were busy and there was only one doctor. It took hours before somebody came to me, nurse or doctor. Because of Covid no family member could be with me.
I waited a very long time after I had xrays none 1 1/2 hours 3 people who had xrays after me were given their results and I was still sitting in the waiting room waiting to hear about mine. I felt that they had forgotten about me so a staff member went & inquired for me
I waited in emergency department for over 2 hrs knowing there was a possibility and almost fell every time I went to the bathroom. I was not impressed at all and neither were my children
I waited in the emergency ward for 7 hours, as my condition worsened, my wife took me to a different hospital where I was seen and admitted within 1/2 hour
I waited over 4 hrs for a doctor to treat me.
I want to give the nurses on the Maternity floor so many thank you's! They were absolutely fantastic!
I want to reiterate how very comfortable my stay was, the care + kindness of staff, the warmth they showed. I felt safe and cared about.
I want to say that this was an extremely positive experience in every way including registration, pre-operative appointments, and right to my exit out the front door. Everyone was kind, friendly, compassionate, and professional. I cannot say enough good about everyone with whom I had contact.
I want to share a most helpful dialogue with Dr. XXXXX in OR just before surgery. She brought the monitor over to me & explained the x-ray & what, why & what was about to be done.
I want to thank the doctors + nurse, all the staff for the respect they have for others. They are very special peoples. It was my first time at XXXXXXXXXX. You should all be proud of your work Thank you and may the lord bless you all Mrs XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I want to thank the ER staff for there assistance and professional care in my time of need. (Excellent care) All staff from all categories very professional well trained and helpful. Thank you.
I was able to speak with a nurse and a doctor in less time than if I'd gone to my family doctor. After business hours too! Very satisfied!
I was about 20 something weeks pregnant, went in due to high stress, lack of sleep and I hadn't felt my baby more in over 24 hours. I was worried as I've miscarried before. I assumed my back pain was from just being pregnant, but the doctor asked me if I had ny back pain. I said yes. He sent the to get ultrasounds the next day and turns out my kidney was swollen! I'm now better Baby is good too!
I was abused on my stay in the hospital, on XXXXXXXXXX until XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXX
I was accompanied to the emergency dept. by an RN who had previously worked at this hospital. This may have "skewed" some of the responses.
I was admitted to hospital during COVID-19 outbreak. My husband and I felt very safe during our stay, and found that our care was handled very well. He was able to stay with me during my entire stay. We were both treated with respect.
I was admitted to the hospital
I was admitted to the hospital to take care of my issue and was released 2 days later.
I was alone, my wife was not allowed to be with me because of covid rules
I was always aware of continued commitment to excellent in patient centered care. I am most grateful for both the people and the system available for my care
I was at emergency several times and I found (male or female) to be kind and courteous.
I was at the emergency dep. with my X yr old daughter, the care received was for her. The staff was excellent, they were kind, thorough and knowledgeable.
I was at the XXX emergency site in XXXXXXXX
I was at XXX in XXXXXXXX twice during 2 months of pneumonia, flu when XXXXXXXXX on. I would refer anyone to them I prefer XXXXXXXX over XXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXX etc. I am on EX (unreadable) so have to no (unreadable) go They are an awesome bunch! Keep it OPEN!!!
I was at XXX to deliver snacks when I began to feel lightheaded, dizzy, rapid heart beat ... the young lady immediately got a doctor/nurse to look at me + take me in.
I was at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX because they do not have a long wait time to see a doctor and I was in too much pain to wait at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for all day.
I was brought there in shackles and hand cuffs, and transported by the police, I was injured, and was giving a prescription and after asking the XXXXXX jail the XXXXXXX I never received by prescription the doctors sets me.
I was called to come in early and it was a smooth process Very happy + satisfied with my experience Thank you
I was cared for in a timely and professional manner, no complaints!
I was cared for very compassionately and although I was sick, I had a very comfortable and excellent experience. The nurses were awesome.
I was completely satisfied with my care. I had heard horror stories of hospital care, but my care on 3rd floor medical was excellent!!
I was concerned about the COVID-19 infection and thought that I could have been infected I had a "sensitive" condition which procedure more mucous in my lungs and thought it could have been due to the infection I was informed that I did not have the COVID-19 infection I was free to go & then a health-care person scheduled informed me of the results of my tests and was negative.
I was disappointed by lab personnel who would not allow me to do skin-to-skin or breast feed my baby during painful procedures (NB screening) which is highly supported in the literature. I had this problem with my first child at this hospital - systemic issue) PS - the nurses allowed me to do this without question for vit K shot. I also I wanted to note that I am a XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX who works in XXXXXXXXXXXXX and therefore was well-informed/empowered to start which probably impacted my positive experience in a large way.
I was disappointed that my doctor didn't come to see my my surgeon was great
I was disgusted how the ER doctor treated not only myself, but my daughter and others in the ER dept. His first name was XXXXX sp? He was very rude and told me 'sorry I had such a shitty day'. I was in an MVA arrived by ambulance then was wheeled out to the ER waiting room for 7 hours. This doctor was rude to my young daughter and had her in tears. I was in a lot of pain and he said well I can give your 'Percocet but if that doesn't work then there is always fentanyl sp?' I thought this was ridiculous especially when there is such a 'drug problem'. I heard the way he spoke to others in the ER very ignorant to others for eg. told a man across from where I was that his back issue was that he was 'too fat', there was Asian woman who couldn't speak or understand much English and he basically told her to take 'percocets' and she was upset because she was afraid it would make her sick. Language barrier and the woman left. He pretty much yelled when he spoke to people. It was like everyone was a 'pain in the ass'. He had a real attitude. This doctor should go back to school and learn some bedside manners & stop pushing these addictive drugs. Also you could feel the tension amongst the nurses as they were quite snippy with each other. They were talking about each other and complaining right in front of myself and others. The morale seems very bad in that ER dept. I can appreciate that these positions are VERY stressful. The ER department definitely needs restructuring. It is utter chaos! I hear nothing but negative comments from others who have been there and feel the same.
I was experiencing a rapid heart rate - tachycardia - & was told to sit down & wait - approx 30 min before triage. After my initial blood work, the rubber tie band was left on my upper arm for about 6 hours until I was taken to my room. I had an IV in my arm & the band wasn't visible
I was extremely disappointed in the care I received at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. From being given wrong pain meds, my new baby being separated from me after an hour to nurses fighting in front of me. I don not want to deliver another baby at this hospital.
I was extremely happy and pleased with my care. Staff could not have been better
I was extremely impressed with the nursing staff, I know they are overworked but I was never once made to feel as if I were not on their highest priority for care. The nurses were professional, informative and willing to answer any question I may have had. On a scale of 1 -10 I would rate the care and staff as a 10+ Well done
I was extremely pleased with the efficient care I received and with the efficient way it was carried out
I was family MD - Specialist asked to go to ER for blood transfusion I had to wait ++ to register then I had to wait hours to receive blood Nurses and doctor were ok. I asked my family member (healthcare provider) more questions, received answer + blood product finished, loud beeping on IV pump device long time 15 - 25 mins?
I was favourably impressed with the professionalism and positive presentation of the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX staff that I met. Thank you!
I was fortunate because I stayed in a ward by myself so I had lots of privacy different nurses had different courses of action on how to treat acute pain Some were better than others Thank you for taking care of me
I was given every opportunity to earn my way out of hospital.
I was given excellent care during my stay after surgery. Nurses were kind, compassionate, efficient & prompt in my care the only improvement would have been my bathroom & room being cleaned. I was only there XXXXX to XXX but felt it should have been cleaned to protect from bacteria & germs.
I was given excellent treatment Thank you to emerg staff and doctors, stroke staff nurses + doctors
I was glad to be there where help was available.
I was going to pass out with pain. I would never expect to be taken before someone in line unless desperate. I pleaded to be seen earlier. 1400 ml. urine drained from bladder.
I was happy w/ the treatment I received.
I was happy with the performance of doctors and nurses.
I was highly contagious and the hospital (all depts) were very thorough in protecting me/others. I was very impressed. - I have seen the emerg. dept. pretty chatty w/ the nurses. When a cluster are speaking of their personal life (yes, we can hear) sometimes you wish that they might offer you a drink or blanket But no, they just chat.
I was hooked up to an antibiotic IV drip I asked why since I had already been on antibiotic pills Was told it was like a booster Another nurse came in and told first two nurses to stop I was not supposed to be on the IV!
I was hospitalized 3 times in a 2 month period My replies are a synopsis of all visits - not an average
I was hospitalized for a drug reaction that I wanted to cook. The reaction caused my sugar control to get lost (42) Regained BG control and nerve pain control
I was hospitalized XXXXXXXX and due to COVID-19 I did not have family/friends per. had in hospital so some of my answers reflect that
I was I thought to be in a semi-private room because when I was asked what my insurance coverage was for was semi-private room. When (2) women were brought into the ward I was in at 1:00 AM (each night) it was very hard to sleep after they arrived in pain + lots of questions + answers between staff + patients when they came in + on in the early morning Hard to rest + relax with light on Otherwise an excellent stay! Thank you very much!
I was impressed by the care of nurses and staff but found it difficult to watch nurses having to actually (unreadable) between patients due to the intense work load. Burn out will happen and then what do we do for nursing staff XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was impressed during this visit how quickly I was called to the examination area. My daughter's birthday party was later that day and I was happy not to have missed anything.
I was impressed how well this hospital staff is taking this situation with covid and make as feel welcome and safe. The nurses after the surgery never let us feel that we interfere with their multitask - I was in with other 3 ladies and I felt that we all was taking good care. From the first entry to the last exit. I thank you so much for being part of this community and I could be proud of with we represent. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXX L- Knee surg XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was impressed with all my care - the nurses were kind & compassionate & the doctor informative & caring.
I was impressed with the ER doctor surgeon on how thorough they were not knowing my medical history.
I was impressed with the overall kindness shown to me as an XX years old woman who is usually quite independent! Please improve temperature of meals, they were mostly cold but tasted good!
I was impressed with the speed I was attended to In XXXXXXXX it took 5-7 hours to get care.
I was in a car accident and did not get checked to see if I was ok. I sat in the emergency room for hours. The doctor did not even check me out, said I was fine sent me home. (Later found ribs were popped out of place and sat in horrible pain for days). Not happy about my experience at all.
I was in a lot of pain and the volunteer had to go to the admitting person several times to get me admitted After that I was taken care of quickly.
I was in a motor vehicle accident + in shock +/or medicated. I have no recollection of the events at the hospital.
I was in a ward for a time 2 ladies one in particular would have to wait up to a 1/2 to 1 hr for help to go to the bathroom, the girls were not that busy for either one of them. This happen way to many times, one of them hardly ever called. Some treated fairly some not
I was in a ward of 4 people one lady had her TV on 24/7. It's very hard to sleep or rest when she wants to "listen to noise all day." Other than this, I am very pleased with the help and care I received.
I was in and out in 1 hr 15 min, 5:00 PM to 6:15 PM. The emerg was very quite Thank you to all your staff help
I was in emerg. waiting area from 5:30 p.m. until near 10:00 p.m. before I got to see the doctors. The wait was painful. The doctor apologized for the wait as they were very busy and no room available. After I got away from triage I was seen and corrective actions were undertaken.
I was in emergency 11 hours and finally had to ask doctor in emerg to run test she had not scheduled to prove that I hve blood clots and SVT.
I was in for 11.5 hrs for day surgery
I was in for a biopsy on my prostrate and it hurt like hell They said they were going to me more (unreadable) but did not help This was my only problem through my stay
I was in hospital 1 1/2 days before my surgery I think this was unnecessary
I was in hospital 4 weeks with covet the care was excellent missed having visitors esp me wife, but I understand that was not possible because of my condition thankful to be home + doing well
I was in hospital for 11 days - everything went normally. Many thanks for caring for me!!!
I was in pain due to a sciatic nerve and was prescribed Tramacort and then tramadol and this set my system off and I could not drive properly and I was hallucinating so I was admitted and taken off these drugs and told to just take extra strength Tylenol or extra strength aspirin from now on for my sciatica. The care I received was 1st class and my stay was enjoyable. Good job. Well done.
I was in rehab over "XXXXXXXXX" holidays. There was reduction in therapy during this 2 wk period post stroke this is a critical time frame speech pathologist went off on sick leave & left a small department critically short staffed. This void needed to be addressed much sooner by HR. Being short staffed in XXX has also caused increased wait time & delayed therapy in the community reintegration program. Unacceptable! Hire a temporary full time staff in XXX.
I was in the ER at 3:00 am it was empty, I do not know if this had anything to do with my great care. I have told all my friends and family what excellent care I received.
I was in the ER because they found something on my x-ray so I was not in pain but very stressed on what it was. So yes, all went great for me at the ER.
I was in the hospital 5 days when my wife asked a nurse if my bedding could be change, it was not clean. She got the clean sheets and pillow cases and handed them to me to change his bed. I was on a lot fat no salt diet, and received the same food for 4 meals in a row. There should be variety.
I was in the hospital during the start of the covid-19 outbreak.
I was in XXXXXXXX at the time of the accident and would normally not go to their emergency department but in the future I would go out of my way if possible to take my family to this hospital.
I was in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX A division of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was just left my medication for me to take and didn???t stay to make sure it was taken. My instruction information when I left the hospital was not given to me. I was given some other patients papers and I have no idea where my paper went.
I was just surprised to receive a drs bill after I got out Hospitals usually don't do that.
I was looked after very well. I was in very bad shape when I arrived at hospital. My neighbor took to hospital and picked me up
I was looked after well XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was lucky at this visit. 1-3 hrs mostly it's over 5+ hrs waiting time. My daughter has waited over 6 hrs sometimes with her children not acceptable at all. Things need to change.
I was most pleased and very satisfied with the care which I received in the emergency department at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I initially went to by physician's office. He was not in and the receptionist suggested I should go to the emergency department. The emergency department was not busy. I think there were only one or two other persons waiting. The nurse on duty in the department saw me right away and took much blood pressure was she completing the forms. She noticed an abnormal pulse and immediately took me to an examining room and had Dr. XXX see me. An excellent doctor who explained everything which he was doing and what he thought my problem was. He gave me an EGA and basically he and his assistants spent the rest of the afternoon monitoring my condition. They were most professional and caring in their help. I was not in pain but I felt weak and my condition had deteriorated over the past few weeks. My wife insisted that I had to do something and took me to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Dr. XXX had Dr. XXX, an internist, check me and an appointment was made to see Dr. XXX.
I was mostly comfortable in my hospital stay.
I was nervous about going to the emergency dept It was an excellent experience Thank you.
I was never diagnosed of my fever & rash!!!
I was never told someone could stay at hospital with me after my c-section so I didn't really have help in the night to lift my baby in and out of her bed. It was difficult to do on my own.
I was not asked about breastfeeding. I had to ask about getting my colostrum to my baby in the nursery, then I had to ask about pumping and using a hospital pump I think it should be brought up right away and encourage breastfeeding more
I was not aware I had to take my pacemaker card with me. But I am glad my wife brought my wallet and I was able to produce my card.
I was not contacted with my results so I was left in the dark.
I was not discharged from this hospital stay until XXXXXXXXX
I was not happy with the way medications were dispensed! I'm going to be talking to the patient advocate at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Of the 10 days I was an 'inpatient,' I had one nurse only who was an excellent nurse for the whole day!
I was not pleased when it came to my turn to see the rd and an off duty nurse had come in with a problem and she was put in and seen ahead of me. That was not acceptable!
I was not sent home with any materials to change my hip dressing & was not shown how to change it
I was not told I would get a bill for "private" room stay when it's the hospital choice to keep you in the L + D room once the child is born they should explain that 2 hrs after the child is born the L + D room is considered a "private" room.
I was on 3rd floor the water supply was no good plumbing seemed plugged up hot water took about an hour to get hospital just few years old was 360,000,000.00 to build think it was poor job first time I ever stayed in hospital in my life I am XX years old.
I was on the 4 floor across from the nurse's station The toilet was some portable contraption which made it unable to use as adult was suitable for a 5 yr old one.
I was on the rehab floor for 3-4 weeks The nurses on that floor were amazing. They were all very nice and if I needed anything they were right there to get it for me. The nurses XXXX, XXXXX, XXXXX, and the rest of the staff went out of their way to accommodate me. XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was one of the last patients leaving day surgery to go home that day and I felt like I was being rushed out as it was end of day - close to 6:30 or 7 pm This was a bit disheartening for me as I was in a lot of pain and could have used some more recovery time
I was one of two people at the emergency when I received care
I was only in the hospital overnight after the removal of a bladder tumor. The hospital staff were pleasant, professional, and willing to help out in any way possible. It was overall as pleasant as any stay in a hospital can be.
I was only in to have day-surgery, but the doctor wanted to keep me for observation for one night. I received the best of care, before, during and especially after the surgery. I was slow in recovery, so I did not want family to be around me. All the staff were patient and kind to me.
I was only kept overnight
I was only one in the department at the time.
I was only there because I had to see a dr. for my lower back problem! Only see my dr. every month to renew my prescription other than that I am healthy!
I was petrified to get an IV let alone have a c section I was beyond thankful to have nurse XXXXXXXXX through this process Dr. XXXXXXXXX was also fantastic All of the staff were great especially the nurses
I was pleased how I was treated!
I was pleased to see an x-ray ordered, and was told results would be sent to my family doctors.
I was pleased with my stay, however 8 days later I was admitted again and there were a few things I was not pleased with and would like to share why
I was pleased with my visit and care cuz I've heard the long waits etc. and I had none of that. I was quite happy.
I was pleased.
I was put in a ward when I had semi-private coverage I had no curtains around my area and had to ask for some so I could have some privacy. I was put in a room with someone who had lots of visitors and an elderly lady who constantly set off her bed alarm off all night. 17 times plus she snorted + passed gass No sleep for me It was a very long night
I was quite impressed with the care I received!!
I was quite pleased.
I was quite satisfied with my care and my stay! XXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was really well looked after for this procedure + overnight stay
I was referred to a doctor in XXXXXX for cancer. I had to wait 6 weeks to see him and I had to wait another 5 weeks for radiation, so from the time I was diagnosed it was almost 3 months before they would do something. I think that is too long.
I was released prematurely because of the COVID epidemic. And because of the epidemic I was not allowed visitors during most of my stay. I realize this was unavoidable
I was released way too soon from emergency dept the 1st time - 2nd time was when admitted and that was OK Resulted in excess stay in hospital from early release
I was released with a cognitive score of 14/30 to go home on my own with PSWs coming in . As a result I was not properly receiving my insulin etc. I ended up back in hospital XXXXX - my daughter took me to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX this time as we found out I should never have been sent home with a cognitive score that low. This caused great issues for me & I died in hospital XXXXXXXXX. This has been filled out by daughter who is very frustrated with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I have had numerous horror stories over the last couple years with my mom there (and my dad). - Emerg experiences were terrible - Nurse were fine - Doctor not so much - System failed carrying for my mom - it seemed more important they get her out at XXXXXXXXX than her well being. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was required to go from XXX to XXXXXXXXXXXXX for a CT scan. I was required to wait in the waiting room and could not receive treatment I was in a lot pain and was told I was a patient of XXX not XXXXX (even though they are both XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX) and therefore could not receive any treatment if I wanted treatment, I was told it would be 8 hours to be triaged again. This is NOT acceptable
I was rude to the nurses since I had to wait for my procedure and I had nothing to eat or drink XXXXXX noon till after the procedure (10 30 PM XXXX) I really apologized to them I got food XXX morn 9 AM
I was satisfied with my care.
I was satisfied with my stay. No complain
I was seeking assistance from the advice of my family doctor, who stated if symptoms worsened over weekend to go immediately to ED. I saw my doctor XXXXXX. Symptoms were severe XXXXXXXX and I went into ED both XXXXXXXX and XXXXXX. The doctor I saw XXXXXXXX (Dr XXXXXXXXX) treated me poorly and rolled his eyes when I had told him my doctors instructions from previous day. Dr XXXXXXXXX also prescribed me Naproxen, which was definitely contraindicated to the medication I was taking (Fragmin blood thinner injections post partum as per my hematologist). He also did not seem concerned with the fact that I had a less than X week old newborn at home who I was breastfeeding, and I was very concerned with medications. Dr XXXXXXXXX first attempted to give an intramuscular antibiotic injection which after asking several times about the safety of this injection while breastfeeding, I finally received an IV antibiotic. Dr XXXXXXXXX still prescribed the naproxen even after I reminded him and the nurse about taking Fragmin injections. Luckily I am a health professional myself and did not fill the prescription and confirmed the following day that I should not be taking that medication. XXXXXX I returned to ED where I was treated by Dr XXXXXX and his resident Dr XXXX, where I received excellent care. I ended up going to XXXXXX for a CT then ended up getting sent to XXXXXX that evening to be seen by a specialist. The care I received from Dr XXXXXX and Dr XXXX was excellent. After being sent to XXXXXX and having multiple followup appointments in XXXXXX as well, I felt Dr XXXXXXXXX did not take my concerns and condition seriously enough. I consider myself lucky to have the background I have otherwise I could have ended up in worse condition then what I arrived with (with a XXX week old baby at home). The results of the survey were based solely on my experience on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, not XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. My care on XXXXXXXX I would rate extremely poorly. If I return to the ED in the future and Dr XXXXXXXXX is the treating physician, I will seek my care elsewhere. Again, the care received from Dr XXXXXX and Dr XXXX was excellent.
I was seen by Dr XXXXXX. He provided a diagnosis which was (in his words) best treated with a codeine based cough medicine. However, he went on to explain that he would not prescribe this to me as he 'didn't know my history'. This was insulting and showed medical bias. His solution? - to provide me with an antibiotic and puffer - both of which I had just completed (prescribed by US doctor). In addition, this visit was to the ED on XXXXXXXXXXXXX after having spent 10 days in the US. Upon my arrival at the ED, I had to INSIST on a mask as I had potentially been exposed to COVID-19, information I shared with the triage nurse and the intern who initially examined me. The protocols were sadly lacking at Bluewater Health and clearly they were unprepared for anyone with a respiratory illness. It is a sad state when the patient knows how to manage an illness better than the health care professionals. As a result of the lack of help from Dr. XXXXXX, I was required to see my family doctor on an emergency basis the following day to get the required treatment. In my humble opinion, this is a reflection of the poor management at XXX, and a double financial impact to our health care system to get a much needed bottle of cough syrup.
I was sent from XXXXXX to XXXX in XXXXXX as I was told I had a minor stroke and they wanted to make sure it was not anything more serious so I was only in XXXXXXXXXXXXX for a short time!
I was sent home with out proper follow up care and had to advocate for that my self. I called about a test I was told was booked for me before the discharge and was told they didn't receive it and if and when they received there were 240 people ahead of me. I next got a call stating to come in the next day for the test. I was unhappy with the attitude of the tech. It is not appropriate to tell a new MI that there is a 240 wait list ahead of them and obviously this was not the case as I was seen in two days. Prioritizing appropriately.
I was sent to the emergency department by my family physician. I did have to wait over 3 hours to be triaged, once triaged, I was in a high equity bed within 10min and seen by a physician in 15 min. The triage nurse went over and above and provided me with hospital products that I required to ensure my comfort and dignity were taken care of while I sat in the waiting room. I understand the wait times, but overall received very good care during my ED visit.
I was sitting in a wheelchair with a broken foot + all of a sudden some guy started pushing me towards x-ray without a word (no hello, or ID). This was somewhat disturbing to me as I suffer from anxiety. Frankly it scared me! This is not acceptable!
I was slightly disappointed w/ the treatment/disregard for the midwives in charge of my birth by some nursing staff some made it feel that me being there under midwifery care was an inconvenience to the nursing staff/hospital especially when I chose to opt out of early discharge.
I was so happy to be in the care of the pros at XXX. Thank you.
I was so happy with the staff that looked after me. Well done from start to finish. "Great staff"
I was so impressed with the nurses! Not only for my own care, but for the care of others! Some patients were so high maintenance but the nurses were always patient, kind & capable! Watching all the night shift as they helped others was "inspiring." I don't know how they do all that they do and with such grace & compassion! Thank you!
I was so upset that I was put in a room for 2 hours while the dr. helped everyone else before me. They were having a potluck lunch that day & the Dr was going to leave to have his lunch prior to helping me. My daughter had to chase him down & the nurse said loud enough for us to hear "they can wait". I was so upset as I was there for 3 hours all together. I had broke my hand nobody cared.
I was suffering from side effects of Ramipril, swear cough for 2-5 months. No doctor could find it. Went to emergency X times Family doc gave me antibiotic twice No looked into root cause Finally had appointment with heart specialist who originally gave me this Ramipril and he said stop this It might be causing cough I stopped it & I'm fine. I'm not happy because I suffered with severe day cough, took antibiotic for 2 times for nothing. No one family doctor & emerg ignored, overlooked side effect chapter. Treatment was simple, just stop taking Ramipril 2 antibiotics & 3 bottles cough syrup, inhaler, emerg visit I don't blame anyone but our old system.
I was suppose to get a referral but I have not heard anything back regarding that referral.
I was suppose to urinate before leaving hospital, staff said yes I did, but this did not occur. I was sent home with no catheter, and not voiding properly. By 12 pm that night i was back in the ER at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to be flushed out & a catheter put back in, which was there for another week. My discharge papers stated Dr. XXXXXXX office would call with a follow up appointment, but to this day, XXXXXXXXXX, I have not heard from his office.
I was supposed to have a wire inserted for B cancer surgery they did not have it arranged, so appt time was delayed I was not happy about it
I was surprised how well I was looked after. I always am by medical people. There is a lot they don't know, how to fix people. I find they always do their best for me. I respect & honour them.
I was surprised that a lot of the food was not that good. Minimal fresh veggies and fruit.
I was symptomatic for covid, only given a throat swab for strep that did not touch my tonsil. Have been a XXXXX for 37 years I can be very critical when assessing.
I was taken by ambulance to emergency high ever, vomiting, blood sugars increase 24. Emerg was very busy at night & TV & drinking fluids. I had to go to the B room frequently. I was told to unplug pump, 02 stayed & one other instruction (can't remember) with high fever etc I couldn't get the instructions correct & had to ask the nurse repeatedly for help I explained how I felt, & was told how restless I was (I knew this) This increased anxiety I have never been incontinent, but was trying to figure out instructions, & yes had an accident - It was not a good night! My perineum became raw! The skin came off & yes it was painful! I was treated with cream, IV, meds etc but on discharge I ended up on the IV at home & celluctis It is XXXXX, & I'm finally draining My doctor & other staff - fantastic I only wish the nurse had not assumed I could to the IVe pump etc. especially when I explained I couldn't take it all in. I had never felt this helpless before & yes it bothered me very much This abrasion to the perineum was a side effect I didn't go in with It has also prolonged my recovery Yes, it was only 1 person, but I will never forget this I felt so sick, I felt so much anxiety, I felt helpless, I felt discouraged, I was angry But, I didn't complain I didn't want to be a problem patient on a night shift When I went to the floor it was better & I'm thankful to the doctor & staff I believe you can't teach empathy but as a professional you are taught to try & meet the needs Thank you for reading this & listening I am a retired RN. PS With high BIS, fever, sweating & "accident" I feel this could have been prevented I did return to emerg & there was a question of a perineum abscess & I was stared on antibiotic drip -> continued @ home VON - fantastic support!
I was taken care of very well. My reason for being there was taken care of and I went home feeling much better than when I arrived.
I was terrified after my heart attack at XX - I had 2 stents put in - all through this the nurses cared about every aspect of my health and fears. I wish I could give back even a small portion of the care and concern I felt they were simply amazing.
I was thankful for doctor I had & nurses & personal support workers
I was there XXXXXXX with pain problems. Doc gave me medication. Had a bad reaction. Returned XXXXXXX told to return XXXXXXX to lab/sent for test & medication. Next day still throwing up & back on XXXX. Had some meds & 2 liters of fluid finally feeling much better. The medicine was Tramadol & caused my problem.
I was thoroughly impressed I'm a retired XXX and I observe any experience I have with healthcare professionals with a very critical eye I found the experiences I have had at my local hospital in XXXXXXXXX
I was to be sent to XXXXXX because they didn't have an xray person working but another boy needed one too so they called someone in If we were sent to XXXXXX the results of this questionnaire would have been very different. My mom says if is an ER then it should be fully equipped 24/7
I was to receive physio & as of yet have not received it. It has been over a month & (unreadable).
I was told by one nurse that they would put through a referral for a lactation consultant to come and help me with breast feeding as I was having trouble getting my baby to latch and then was told the next day that the nurse forgot to put through the referral and we had to leave the hospital not being seen by anyone for breastfeeding and was told someone would contact me and nobody ever did. I had to contact the health unit myself and still never got any help with breast feeding and I still to this day cannot breastfeed. I think it should be mandatory to have a lactation consultant visit everyone that has had a baby unless they decide they want to formula feed instead. I very much wanted to breastfeed and was not given any guidance or help in the hospital for this.
I was told I had pneumonia, however, I had pleurisy, which caused my pain. I was happy to receive an antibiotic to help.
I was told my condition was severe and surgery was required. However due to covid I was told to go home and call an ambulance if I was close to death. The hospital chose covid over my life.
I was told my prescription was anti inflammatory when in fact my doctor told me I was prescribed an arthritic medication and it did not relieve my pain at all. No xray, MRI no test were offered or recommended.
I was told that I was on the emergency list and to arrive by 11am. I was not told that Emerg surgery did not start until after 3pm. I was done at 7pm and was extremely uncomfortable waiting on a cot.
I was too weak to think about it, but I was OK over all.
I was transferred to the maternity ward + they were amazing!
I was transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and the ambulance was a piece of crap. It felt like it had no shocks.
I was transported to XXXXXX for CT scan and was admitted everything happened very fast and considering I was in a lot of pain, I appreciated how quickly I was cared for! XXXXXXXXXXX was very efficient!
I was treated quickly, kindly and extremely well
I was treated very kindly and admitted to hospital for a week to make sure the new medications were working as described.
I was treated very well and with respect everyone was nice Thank you all that were involved
I was treated very well.
I was treated very well. One nurse in particular went out of her way to make sure I was comfortable. She even gave me a heated blanket. A very special person!
I was treated well
I was treated well + my questions were answered.
I was treated well and was able to get the treatment I needed after so I could get better with what I went in there for
I was treated well.
I was treated with dignity by XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was treated with great care & respect. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a great hospital with fantastic drs, nurses & staff.
I was treated with great care!!
I was treated with kindness & excellent care & the outcome was positive
I was treated with respect and care They did a great job.
I was treated with respect and concern.
I was treated with respect and dignity The staff was friendly with the exception of one nurse I was well cared for.
I was treated with the utmost care from emerge to surgery to recovery to my room Thank you!
I was treated/well taken care of by the nurses at the maternity/child since my husband can't be w/ me because of the pandemic. Great team! Thank you all! I had a pleasant stay.
I was uncomfortable that student female nurse could see me naked on the table until an older nurse quickly covered my genital area - EMBARRASSING!
I was under the impression that if you were having chemo + had a temp of higher than 38 degrees C you were in an emergency situation There should be clearer instructions about what cancer patients should do when going to the ER - should they wait or let someone know right away
I was upset that the MRI that I filled out forms for did not reach the appropriate dept As it was sitting in the emergency dpt for 10 days only was followed through because I had called 3-4 times to check
I was very anger at the fact that my O2 saturation was going down to about 80% because I was having such difficulty breathing. My blood pressure was roughly 80's/40's and I was still left alone without even oxygen for almost 4 hours.
I was very appreciative for the care the staff gave to me. Thanks.
I was very comfortable with Dr XXXXXXX and the staff that assisted him, they spoke to me all through the procedure. XXXXXXXX
I was very disappointed that the doctor before I left the rehab unit wasn't listening when I told him I had coughing and sputum problems, therefore 2 days after I came home, I was very sick which did not help my recovery.
I was very disappointed with the 4 IV's it took to achieve the correct line. My hand was extremely swollen and black & blue for 5 days. I had very limited movement and more pain from the IV sites than my actual procedure.
I was very disappointed with the lack of support I received regarding breastfeeding. XXX is supposedly a family friendly environment & pro breastfeeding but I experienced otherwise as well. A lot of the information I did receive from the nurses was inaccurate or outdated. My baby was premature so I felt it particularly important to give her the best start possible with breastmilk but I felt as those my desires were not respected adequately.
I was very happy that my young daughter's visit wasn't judged.
I was very happy with my experience I was triaged and had an x-ray within 15 minutes of entering the hospital. However it took the doctor 2 hours after that to see me when the ER was not that busy.
I was very happy with my stay in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was very happy with the care I rec'd.
I was very happy with the care that I received.
I was very happy with the professionalism of the whole staff from the lady at the front door to my nurses that were very kind and helpful making me feel comfortable and attended to all my needs. All I have is good things to say about XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was very ill and had excellent care by my doctors Most nurses were very good and some were very grouchy. A few were very informative and gave excellent bedside care
I was very impressed by all the Covid 19 procedures in force to prevent infection spreading
I was very impressed by how well organized my procedure was and how safe and at ease I felt despite COVID Thank you!!
I was very impressed with the care given to me by doctor and nurses
I was very impressed with the care that Dr. XXX provided for me.
I was very impressed with the hospital cleanliness and all staff were wonderful
I was very impressed with the staff and surgeon and my total experience with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and would highly recommend this health care facility to both family and friends.
I was very nervous and anxious about the procedure I was about to have. The staff did an excellent job calming my fears and explaining what would happen! However, immediately following the procedure, before I left the procedure room, the attending physician explained what he found and what he would do. I found this comforting yet confusing as I was still overwhelmed with everything that just happened. A suggestion: it would have been nice to get this in writing also before I left the hospital. Other than that, I love XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX! They have always been very professional and helpful when I am there.
I was very nervous when I went in, but the staff was very friendly & helpful to relax me.
I was very pleased at the services I received at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I was very pleased that I had a good roommate, we still keep in touch. I find the food to be good, the room was kept clean. Last but not least the staff made me comfortable during my stay
I was very pleased the nurses they took very good care of me during my stay.
I was very pleased with all the services I had received. In all departments I was in. From Emerg x-ray to my room & nurses
I was very pleased with my emergency department experiences! The 3 different doctors within my X visits - very friendly & nice. Also, nurses - excellent!!
I was very pleased with the 4 times I attended emerg. I appreciated very much the attention given to me Many thanks.
I was very pleased with the care I received As I need another surgery I have no worries returning to service hospital Excellent care
I was very pleased with the care I received in both the emergency dept and the hospital unit The doctor in emerg was very thorough + my own physician visited daily. The nurses and ancillary staff were pleasant I have only good things to say about the care I received My roommate unfortunately was a nightmare + I didn't get any rest the last few days I was a patient but that can't be helped!
I was very pleased with the care I received on this visit.
I was very pleased with the care that was provided at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was very pleased with the fast and pleasant care that I received during my visit Thank you all
I was very pleased with the treatment help & explanation of everything
I was very pleased with the very quick service and the treatment for my headache (migraine)
I was very positively impressed with the care I received at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was very satisfied with my surgery. Everyone was friendly and did their job well. I felt quite confident with the people I had interaction with Thank you!
I was very scarred about my surgery yet you doctors and staff were very impressive in the way they get me to relax.
I was very sick when I went to the hospital. Emerg. Department saw me right away. Doctors there acted quickly and very kind to me and my family.
I was very surprised how fast I was in and out.
I was very unhappy about the long wait before surgery while a physician went on holiday, then got way behind. I was unhappy with the pain during + after surgery
I was very upset with the food served eg the tea was always cold!!! I was lucky the tray servers would make me a hot cup when they picked up my tray - eggs were always served as wraps These were tasteless and also cold Toast was like leather also cold and pancakes were like leather and cold!!! I had to hope I would have a visitor who would bring me a muffin!! My family all lived out of town so it was even more difficult to get a treat or Tim Hortons coffee No staff member was allowed to get me one and time was the only coffee I drink , even though there is a Tim's available in the hospital!
I was very well cared for.
I was very well taken care of and everyone at the hospital acted very professionally.
I was very well taken care off.
I was very well treated and felt at ease with the care of the staff
I was very well treated with the professionals help and doctor during the surgery
I was well cared for
I was well taken care of.
I was well treated and I have always been treated that way. Great hospital!
I was wonderfully happy with my experience at XXXXXXXXX. Scheduling, triage staff were all great experience!
I wasn't treated as I would like to have been. I TOLD staff twice I wasn't getting any pain meds through IV. The IV just caused big lumps in my arms and nothing was going into my veins. Visitors in next bed were rude and I got threatened by them because there was about 8 of them visiting almost all day and evening. Nurse had to get security to tell them to leave and I was put in another room. My experiences at XXXXXXXXXXXXXX are always POOR.
I watched staff with others patients in my room that displayed some anxieties. Everyone of the nurses showed compassion & patience to release others of concern with anxieties or pain Terrific staff
I went because I had an infected tooth and I knew I shouldn't wait 3 or 4 days until my dentist appointment. I had a student doctor see me first, and then an actual doctor. They did not prescribe me anything. I really should have been given some antibiotics. Which the dentist did when I seen him. Some of the dental work being done was more painful then needed because of the infection.
I went in after calling my family Dr. re a injured foot > fall on stairs. (after 10 days of pain) Dr. ordered x-rays, dismissed me with no followup. Did not follow up with info/questions re potential bruises bone etc. No suggestions of care, this is a foot that I have seen an orthopedic surgeon about long term, established injury I felt Dr was dismissive Nurses great
I went in for a wrist injury & the doctor did no xrays, didn't move it, did not even examine it. He only listened to my words & assumed the diagnosis without ruling out other things & the injury continued. I don't think I would recommend the emerg department I visited.
I went in to emergency from detox to better my life and drs & nurses treated me like a piece of shit! When ever I go in for other medical issues they are friendly. I've never been so humiliated in my life I am a working person who pays taxes and donates to the hospital I've never felt so
I went in with chest pain and I felt way too much time was spent on updating my next of kin in registration I felt it took too long for tests to be completed as well if I was having an MI, I might be dead.
I went in with swollen glands and a fever and could not swallow. They took a swab and made me wait 48 hours very sick for results with no medication to which time I got worse and had to see my family doctor on XXXXXX. I ended up needing antibiotics that my family doctor prescribed.
I went into emerg knowing it was my appendix ER doctor told me I was wrong 8 hrs later I was having an appendectomy (lots of test where done for the wrong reasons) I am a health care professional
I went into the hospital with a breathing problem everyone was very good at explaining everything to me. There was no problem with the hospital. Good place to go when you are unwell.
I went ot ER to replace a plugged catheter causing pain. ER doctor also took blood test & found blood infection. He transferred me to medical ward for antibiotic intravenous care for 5 days in hospital + 5 days home care A wonderful job by all I also did your ER report.
I went to ambulatory care to have a stent removed. The change room was a washroom while changing I tied us to washroom from other patients I went home and washed my clothes immediately.
I went to emerg bc I had something in my eye/eyelid. The problem was not resolved. I feel the doctor did not spend enough time to find the foreign object. I was sent home with eyedrops. It took 2 weeks for my eye to return to normal and for the pain to disappear.
I went to emergency department with a severe case of pink eye. I waited over an hour to be seen. The waiting room was empty when I arrived. I wish someone had told me if there was an extreme emergency or why I had to wait so long.
I went to emergency on the XXX afternoon- it was full of patients I returned XXX morning before 700 AM and was taken care of immediately. After being taken care of I returned home and brought my husband back as we both had terrible coughs for days Both had x-rays and prescribed antibiotics Both recovered Both are seniors
I went to emergency room as I was impacted with the bowel. I have had colon cancer. I had side and back pain. I had gone many days without a bowel movement, despite taking overdose & bowel preps of laxative. No one was available to see me I waited maybe 5 hours, then checking out. Next day went to clinic to see family doctor who did ultrasound & helped me. - Hospital was useless this time for me
I went to emergency with acute appendicitis. I'm XX while there is triage. I feel that I did not have to wait 5+ hours in the waiting room to get across to (unreadable)/treatment
I went to ER to replace a plugged catheter causing pain ER doctor also took blood test + found blood infection. He transferred me to medical ward for antibiotic injection care for 5 days in hospital + 5 days home care. A wonderful job by all. I also did your inpatient report.
I went to make sure the bite I had was not from after I do have multiple myeloma sunburn 12 years
I went to the Emerg Dep due to increased BP. Spent 3 hrs there They checked me several times, asked for questions but did nothing else, just told me to due to my doctor (who was new to me) who in the first place sent me there, who I did see 2 weeks later Not a good experience.
I went to the emergency because I was having a heart attack That was XXXXXXXXXXXX They took really good care of me Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I went to the ER during COVID and was very anxious about going once there I was made to feel very comfortable. My experience with everyone I met was awesome!
I went to the hospital with cellulitis in my right leg. That as healed up, but now I have a bladder and/or prostate problem. I am to get at test XXXXXX, I will see if I have to have an operation I got restless at the hospital I should have find a catheter sooner.
I went to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXX. The nurse XXXXXXXX did a phenomenal job. I would go back there as my last visit to the XXXXX site last year was absolutely horrible. 8 hour wait and terribly short staffed.
I went to XXXXXXXX site. It is usually a shorter wait + I like the care + attention I get there.
I went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXX. I find that wait times there are significantly shorter than at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXX
I went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXX. In XXXXXX the wait is up to 1 1/2, 2, or more hours which is not acceptable. Not much waiting at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I went very early in the morning and did not have to wait. The hospital made an appointment with a heart specialist for me.
I will always drive 25 - 40 km to XXXXXXXX instead of going to the hospital right down the corner from my home
I will appreciate if someone will give me an approximate time I will have to wait to see a doctor.
I will go to XXXXXXXX whenever possible, or always.
I will not go back to this hospital unless absolutely necessary Nurses were good Doctors poor.
I wish I could have a chance to ask more questions to the doctor about my health
I wish I had known about asking for a newer, modern bed I was in hospital 2 wks and was most uncomfortable in bed provided as I have lower back problems Was given a newer bed on my last night there by an RN when I mentioned that my roommate had a better bed than I did
I wish my husband could have been there before and after my surgery. But, due to COVID I had to follow regulations.
I wish someone would of warned me that they had froze my knee and gave me lots of pain meds during surgery. As freezing came out and pain meds were out I was in terrible pain and my mobility became limited when leaving hospital.
I wish the nurse/midwife gave me more feedback about breastfeeding as I didn't fully understand the latch the baby had to have Also it would have been good to know estimate of how long until my milk would come in
I wish they would have at least of 1 or 2 people they.
I wish we had received the phone call we were promised from XXXXXX's x-rays Instead I had to track down through chiropractor office/GP.
I wished that the underlying personal reasons for my hospitalization (blood poisoning, unknown cause) would have been more thoroughly investigated.
I would appreciate it more to have the doctors to take my concerns more seriously. When I say something's wrong, something is wrong! I would also appreciate to NOT be mocked by a doctor as I overheard him during one stay.
I would benefit if a family member was allowed to accompany in the emergency vehicle to ensure especially with seniors ; at least where only, (two guys like us stays) in a house like me
I would have appreciated being able to order my meals, rather than having a generic meal sent to my room. I saw the dietician lost memory of my 4 day stay. The meals were substandard not really good at all. My only complaint!
I would have appreciated more information from the dr regarding my C (unreadable).
I would have felt more at ease if I had known if it was just an upper respiratory infection or pneumonia. No xray was taken. Ears and throat not checked. Just listen to chest.
I would have liked an MRI done instead of pushing pills. Would have made me feel better MRI or CT scan
I would have liked more continuity in nursing staff. I had a different person every shift - no repeats The head nurse accompanying the surgeon never came without him + did not introduce herself
I would have liked to have a check out sheet describing my procedure and findings and listing the antibiotic I was given
I would have liked to receive instructions about allowed activity, and dates when activities can be resumed.
I would have liked to see the doctors more often.
I would have no concerns in the future if I was committed to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for recovery treatment.
I would have preferred a private room but none was available. I like to read when I can't sleep & don't like to disturb other patients with my light.
I would highly recommend anyone should they needed hospital care here at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXXXXXX. Great staff.
I would just liked to clarify that this visit was at the XXXXXXXXXXXX location, which tends to have much better care & quicker processing than the XXXXXX location.
I would like faster service from admitting before you see a doctor is useful 4 to 6 hours dat is quit a long time to wait a simple but not a simple blister (unreadable) I was told to my doctor is was on a XXXXXX (unreadable) simple bandit no medicine or pain.
I would like thank to ER doctor & nurses & I still remember the best nurse XXXXXX Many t hanks to a wonderful human being XX
I would like to mention I came in to visit my husband twice at around 10 30 AM & my husband was sitting in a chair at the nurses desk not washed or shaved Very upset & it bothered me so much. My husband was very very sick. Sorry I am late replying but I have been swamped with paper work. And had a funeral to arrange Sincerely XXXXXXXXX & my daughter XXXXXXXXXXX We were there every day
I would like to mention the exceptional staff working in the Xray department. They are kind considerate compassionate members of the XXXXXXXXX team thank you for going above and beyond while Xraying my severe break.
I would like to recognize two important people who went above and beyond for me during my hospital stay - XXX and XXXXX. Being an emergency c. section these two nurses comforted me when my husband couldn't be in the room. They were exactly what I needed in that moment to help with my fears. They also checked in on my husband sitting across from me in the birthing room ensuring he was ok and that they would take good care of me. Exceptional nurses who will forever hold a special place in our hearts for this. All the staff though post-delivery were very caring and did a great job.
I would like to say that all the years I have been going to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I have never had a bad experience by anyone there. It is worth it for the longer drive to get the care I get from everyone there. The hospital should be proud of all the workers there I tell everyone of the great care I get there. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I would like to say that I was blessed to be able to have this surgery in a good & caring hosp. WE have dedicated drs & nurses who are outstanding I thank all who took care of me Truly grateful
I would like to say the nurses where great and sometimes went beyond what they had to do. The people in rehab were great and knew what they were doing to help you always
I would like to see more staff very understaffed (doctors, nurses, etc)
I would like to see staff dressed in a way that you can tell by looking what their position is. I couldn't tell nurse from cleaner!
I would like to thank Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX for talking some sense into me about staying for an afternoon procedure when I became unduly concerned about things like getting my care home, etc ... on XXXXXXXXXXX I was also pleased that after 9 hrs I did not get a parking ticket
I would like to thank everyone for the care I received in my stay I put you's right up with XXXXXX great job
I would like to thank XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX + XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Thank you I am so proud to be Canadian.
I would like to thank you for limiting visitations during COVID. I felt comfortable and well looked after by the staff. The cleaning staff deserve a huge thank you for their attention to detail & kindness
I would like you to know I based this off of the XXXXXXXXXXXXX emergency ward It was excellent
I would never go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX experiences have been awful - wait time is ridiculous and the staff is often indifferent.
I would never want to be a patient again at this hospital I waited as long as five hours after pain medicines were due upon arrival from another hospital
I would not go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I always go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is not a good hospital
I would of liked an answer as to what was causing my discomfort but did not receive an answer. I went home feeling the same discomfort as I did when I went into emergency dept and with no answers to relieve my anxiety. Further tests where done by my doctor after my emergency visit 1 month later. I remained uncomfortable this whole time with no answers.
I would of liked to see a x-ray or chart where I had my pelvis broken...
I would personally like at my request a copy of health care provided for my personal records. Possibly paper or electronic for 1st hand personal fines. Would help for younger pat.'s later in life.
I would recommend better rooms suited for families after a csection. Room large enough for 3 people (mom, baby and partner). A bed for the partner and supports for them, especially since they provide most of the care to mom and baby.
I would recommend it to my family or friends. XXXXXXXXXXX
I would recommend this hospital first & foremost to anyone. I have recommended this hospital to everyone I have talked to. Truly amazing hospital.
I would say this past hospital staff was the worst experience ever, especially on surgical floor, some nurses were just rude and condescending. They are definitely in the wrong profession and the food was just awful. Certainly not nutritional. The dieticians did their best, but they did not have much to work with. The first two days I was there I was given cheese sandwiches which consisted of a cheese slice between 2 pieces of breat, no butter or mayonnaise That was for lunch & supper. When I asked if I could have something different, I was told it was not a restaurant by a sappy nurse. Rehab floor was a much better experience.
ICU staff should all be trained to recognize and deal with ICU psychosis syndrome I experience it and it was not taken seriously in fact, the staff seemed annoyed by what I was reporting. I have looked into this and many hospitals have a better understanding of how to deal with it. Should also be a support program for all patients with extended ICU stays.
I'd like to thank Dr. XXXXXX and the entire staff of XXXXXXXXXX, a world class hospital. Keep up the great work.
If a family member is staying with a patient, they too should receive access to meals. Very helpful, kind and lovely nurses. Loved the available options of pain relief during labor ex bath/shower
If anyone needs to go to the hospital, I would highly recommend XXXXXXXXXXXX
If I need medical attention in the future and Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the physician than I will leave I have seen him 3 times. Each time was awful. Very dismissive and rude Basically told me to leave after waiting 3 hours. Did not examine me.
If nurses and doctors could get more training on how to deal with someone who suffers with anxiety to help them through a procedure, capping tools.
If people are waiting you have to wait your turn unless the problem needs urgent attention, they should come first for anyone.
If staffed properly, the wait would have been much less stressful. There was one doctor I appreciated the doctor's thoroughness & manner when I finally saw her. Also loved no television going (highly irritating) Quiet is better when ill
If the antibiotics I received at my emergency visit was not the correct one after the urinalysis was cultural the hospital was to contact me. They did not! and the antibiotics needed to be changed
If there are no life or death emergencies, children should have priority.
If they had nurse practitioners on duty I feel the care I needed would have been addressed quicker. I had a bladder infection.
If XXXXXXXXXXXX would stop sending patients to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX they would not require the increase, in funding.
If you can call a hospital stay enjoyable it was so. No complaints
If you have to go to a hospital, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is an excellent one.
I'm a retired XX may have some bearing on questions. Excellent staff and hospital experience.
I'm an XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX @ XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I notified the clerk @ XXX who registered me that they did not update my last name + other file therefore ID band was slightly incorrect + no effort was made to correct the file even though I ahd all the documents necessary for her to view. That was the only negative thing about my visit.
I'm filling this survey out for my wife she has dementia I have power of attorney.
I'm glad to be home.
I'm not certain most of these questions apply because I went to the Emerg. for a rash under my breasts.
I'm not comfortable with using on THREE clothes to wipe down, bed tec. area after patient leaves, I didn't feel it was clean; the cleaning staff assured me this is how they are now trained
I'm not easily impressed, but the hospital staff really impressed me. I actually enjoyed my stay and all visits leading up to my surgery. You have wonderful staff.
I'm not sure why you are doing this survey - I have submitted questions to the patient experience department twice and had no response. It is very disappointing that the pediatricians do not support mothers in breastfeeding - no one cared that I was in pain, bleeding, etc. Instead the doctors threaten hospitalization of baby, and/or supplementation, instead of listening and trying to overcome problems. I did not have a referral to public health, but not one person bothered to explain that they could help with our issues.
I'm on methadone and feel very judged sometimes
I'm proud of XXX and the care you provide, I believe your team approach to treating a patient's ailments is top notch. Our community is very lucky to have the access to such a fantastic health care facility and your professional staff and the support staff that helps bring it all together
I'm returning XXXXXXXX and hope my stay is exactly the same. It was great
I'm thankful we have such a lovely hospital. Kind nurses and doctors Thank you for looking after me XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I'm very grateful for our wonderful emergency dept & XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in general
I'm very impressed with the short waiting and examining time at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Impressed with the preop interviews. The doctors & nurses were very friendly. I felt secure as I recovered from the operation. Coffee & donuts were good other food was lousy.
In admission, errors on my personal information were corrected and verified very quickly. Admission was well organized with very short wait time ONE NEGATIVE: The glass barrier between reception and the client makes it very hard to hear and see the person in admissions, especially if one has problems with hearing. Need to see the persons face to help in speech recognition
In all I was well taken care of and have recovered completely
In all of my hospital stays I have always had a very good experience with no concerns Our nurses are always attentive, compassionate, kind and caring.
In both my stays in the hospital I was treated with the best treatment I needed.
In case of extreme pain it would be appreciated to be treated less than 1 hour from the time of the arrival
In emerg - nurse gave me a gown, left saying she'd be right back but never returned. Waited at least 2 hrs before anyone came back. Confusion presuming I had blood work & urine done but nobody seem to be aware Nothing done On discharge I was left to find my own way out Nobody even asked if I had someone coming to get me Very poor experience
In emerg there is desk 1 & 2 need another desk 1. Waiting took longer waiting to be processed. Once processed took no time to see Dr. XXXXX. Over 2 hrs waiting to be processed.
In emergency department for 9hr and never seen dr. Nurse on duty said they lost my file when ask when the dr. was going to see me. So left & came home
In general, I have found our Emergency Dept excellent. I felt the triage nurse labelled my case of low priority (2 am). I do not go to emerg unless I need immediate intervention.
In immense pain + told you are old you wil always have pain = not acceptable. ER doctor + nurse continually pushed I should not live alone - not the time or place for this. Begged for 1 night in hospital to get rehydrated + meds - turns out I stayed a week due to severe compression fracture missed on the xray + discovered next day.
In intensive care I was overdosed and my family was unable to find staff to help I was found unresponsive and cleaning staff had to find dr and nurse Also cognitive testing was completed the day it was moved from intensive care and only redone when family requested Special recognition to Dr. XXXX (medical floor) XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXX, XXXXXXX and XXXXX (medical floor)
In light of Covid experience was excellent.
In my hospital stay everything was very good except one nurse Rest all the nurses was very good and caring.
In other, emergency visit the delay was unbelievably long. I have waited "hours" for help - the last visit I had arrived by ambulance for the some problem - and got immediate help.
In overnight - had x-rays.
In pain & taken to XXXXXXXX - Was there 3 hrs & don't remember anything - Taken by ambulance to XXXXXX for ultrasound - Treated with all respect & courtesy at both hospitals Much thanks XXXXXXXXXX
In particular I appreciated the care the nurses gave me. They were professional, plus caring and kind.
In relation to questions #61 and 62 the employees, volunteer, etc were such an amazing support to both my husband and I they are what made our stay so great and were so helpful towards us with our first baby
In retrospect I should have been issued a rollator when discharged. It took 13 days after discharge for me to obtain a rollator.
In surgery holding area there needs to be more privacy the person next to me could hear everything and that me uncomfortable
In the early hours of my second night in hospital a nurse tried unsuccessfully 7 times to reinsert my intravenous line which caused me severe pain, and after, bruising I thought her behavior was extreme
In the last year & a half I've had to be transported by ambulance to emergency at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX a number of times - usually concerning issues about a rare disease & always was content to get cared for with compassion. I thank everyone there XXXXXXXXXXXXX
In the past I have been to both XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX) on my own waiting time is sometimes hrs at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX quite reasonable staff at both are wonderful
In the past someone has seen me right after the procedure to explain any paperwork or follow up appt This was not done I waited like the nurse told me and no one came in after about 20 min. so I left.
In the peak of XXXXXXX caseload of Covid 19 there was a mass amount of room available and staff not working with the reduction in elective surgeries. Why were 6 adults and 3 infants crammed in a ward room with no social distancing. There were many room available in the hall. C-Section patiently we're not allowed to leave the room, but from experience the gas needs to come out. I could barley walk leaving the hospital due to not being allowed to leave the room. Maybe a suggestion of blocked times one patient can be in the hall walking. Food and drinks were very hard to come by. It was a terrible experience. No consistency of care nor was there any communication among staff. I know that proper food, exercise, pain management and sleep is essential for healing. I did not get any of these.
In this visit I dealt with four staff members - All were professional. Only one was friendly. This statement is not a complaint, just a fact.
In triage my B/P was taken with a sweatshirt on. I asked the male nurse if he wanted to take my arm out he said it was okay My BP was 207/104. As a XXXXX myself, I know this is not a correct practice, and in all likelihood and incorrect BP. He was the only nurse I dealt with all other conversations were strictly with the doctor, lab tech, EKG tech
In XXX I had a bad fall at home - had extreme pain + shortness of breath, we went to XXXXXXX. I had x-ray showed broken ribs + pneumothorax. The next care we went to XXXXXX's emerg. I feel I rec'd better care there
In XXXX a dr forgot to include that I was code blue & returned to life by nurse with me. Dr. XXXX was loud, obnoxious & down right mean. This lead to me being upset before open heart surgery in XXXXXX XXXXXXXXXX.
In XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I always receive the care a patient hopes for.
Ineligible to use bathroom because of MS condition. Needed special positioning to empty bowels. Staff could use education on facilitating some.
Info before re steps after admission different than actually what happened Don't depend on home care to explain drainage tube milking - would have been better if you would have done it (some at home care better than others)
Info was at XXXXXXXX first, then XXXXXX by ambulance. These answers are for XXXXXX thanks
Information and inquires of my medications were helpful. Nurses were punctual - courteous. Group therapy sessions were very informative and helpful for & growth and building fundamental life skills.
Initially in emerge triage I was in a lot of pain and had to take a number before being assigned a better system is - needed to initially assess patients upon arrival and prioritize those who need immediate care.
Instructed to be at hospital at 7:00 AM totally prepared for surgery 8:00 AM waited 2 hours to see surgeon at 10:00 Why so long??
Insurance person clearly did not get my pre-admit info, was confusing & came 30 min. before we were to be discharged to ask if my 2nd night would be covered (did not spend 2nd night @ hospital)
Intake nurse could have been more receptive to my ailment when dealing w me I mentioned I was about to pass out and feeling dizzy, and that was not taken into any sort of consideration
Intake nurse was short & rude
Internet and cell phone access was not good calls kept dropping if I was in my room. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is #1 in my book.
It appeared nursing staff were working steadily at a pace that seemed rushed.
It appears that staff are overworked - they did their best with the time they had. The emergency department was a mad house!
It appears to me that this dept is very short staffed. Should have another nurse and doctor.
It concerned me that wash room was not tended better had to ask for seat to be changed - The soap dispenser and several of the sanitizer stations where non-functional Nurse said they needed batteries but they had none to fix them. They didn't work my entire time there in my room Very dissatisfied given Covid and sterile conditions in general for a surgical floor.
It felt unprofessional for staff to complain to me (patient) regarding how short staffed they were. I can relate as I am also an employee at their hospital - although they didn't know that.
It has improved a lot
It is clear to me that staff at the nursing floors are overworked (not enough time to do all their tasks) tried very hard to do all their work, assigned to them.
It is going to be a 5 hour wait in XXXXXXXXXXXX. They are very courteous. XXXXXXXX very good
It is important that the nurses etc. introduce themselves. They all did that. Thank you XXXXXX, XXXXXX & XXXX even though I only met you for a few mins. You were great + made me feel cared for + respected. And thank you Dr. XXXXXXXX - so kind + approachable.
It is pretty sad when an elderly person at XX couldn't have 1 family member go with me in the hospital.
It is really too bad that a person who has had a stroke has to wait up to 10 weeks for outpatient rehab. You should really consider looking into more staff-qualified therapists to assist in this area. Very disheartening!
It is very important to me that when I go to the emergency department with my young child that we get care in a timely manner & every time I have been to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX with my children we are in & out
It is what it is and I wish I could have had a chance to fill out a menu food was OK but skimpy my only sore spot was wait times in ER in both my visits before being admitted.
It puts a patient off when a doctor is busy with other staff such as his computer + phone calls.
It really bothers me - I've had 3 (unreadable) stays in the hospital and with 2 stays. The house doctor changed my medications & once was stopped my heart medications without consulting with me and with the latter I left that was dangerous, plus changing medications on me and adding others.
It saved my life and stabilized me.
It seemed like the hospital was anxious ot discharge me before I was ready. I was discharged late in the day and was back at emergency 6 hours later.
It seemed that I was basically stitched out!
It takes way to long to get in to see a doctor
It takes way too long to see a doctor. Hospital should tell people they aren't going to help right away, if that's the case.
It tells you to wait for triage. However, it does not tell you to give your H. card to registration, so I sat waiting for triage for sometime. Ended up loosing my place in line until I realized this should be more clear
It took 3 ambulance trips to emerg before I got a doctor willing to investigate what my symptoms were and order some test that showed I had a very serious condition I spent 6 wks in hospital.
It took 3 times to emerg before being admitted My family were not happy about this.
It took to long, also the shift change made it worse
It took too much time to see the doctor before I could leave.
It took two tries to get my food needs met. But they got it right which was helpful.
It was a good an experience as could be expected, nurses and doctors were extremely kind, helpful, and knowledgeable (especially night surgery nurses, anesthesiologist, and Dr XXXXXXXX!) Thank you for making me feel so comfortable.
It was a good experience
It was a good experience
It was a good experience, our triage nurse was quite unkind, but overall a good experience. We are very grateful for the healthcare we have!
It was a good experience.
It was a good experience. The nurses were great.
It was a great experience
It was a great stay for being in the hospital.
It was a mild bladder infection Not anything major
It was a positive experience and I would not hesitate to use these services again.
It was a tic bite that formed a bulls eye I was given antibiotics & told to come back if it didn't clear up or got worse.
It was a very good experience and answered my concerns that I had following knee replacement surgery.
It was a very good positive visit.
It was a very good, but short stay.
It was a very peaceful time. A happy time. The nurses were amazing! Although - there wasn't enough of them. Although they were all at the best they could be. They're clearly overworked. Otherwise it was a wonderful experience.
It was a very positive experience
It was a wonderful experience from entering the ER to leaving the ER.
It was about 4 hrs. before I saw the doctor. I was at the hospital for about 5 1/2 hrs.
It was all good except the wait to see the physician.
It was all very good
It was an hour late.
It was at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXX not XXXXXX
It was bad @ night with someone that didn't sleep + keep her finger on the buzzer all night. A child I had my room changed but didn't
It was close to perfection. A surprise to me as I worked in the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for 37 years.
It was Covid-19 pandemic and I couldn't have my family by my side after surgery.
It was difficult to answer some questions because I only spent 1 night after my surgery.
It was difficult to ascertain who was who - doctor, nurse, volunteer, housekeeper - they were all dressed the same - some very casually
It was extremely busy so I understand the wait times were longer than usual
It was fine except there were 2 patients across the hall that were very loud all night The food could definitely be better Otherwise all okay
It was fine.
It was for my XXXXX year old Everyone was amazing with her and us.
It was frustrating to ask staff to unlock door to get ice and snacks from patient area where available as I felt I was interfering with their jobs as they are busy with more important care issues.
It was good
It was good all around
It was good and everyone was very very helpful Thank you
It was good I had to go to (unreadable) for MRI and chest + head xray - I had to find ride there I would of used (unreadable) knowing has I had a stroke.
It was good. I had to wait longer than I would have liked in the actual operating room. I don't think I was prepared for how much help I would need at home. I was told "in 3 days you can drive your car" - so I falsely thought I would feel good by then. I needed help to get up and down by day 3 still.
It was great Everyone was great!
It was great! Thank you my son woke up with a severe ear ache and I was seen as soon as I walked in the door. Nurse was super and so was the doctor. Thank goodness he explained it may burst & what would happen because it did!
It was great.
It was identified by ER nurse & ER dr that my O2 was low for my age and no follow up happened. ER nurse said I needed a chest xray to check my O2 and ER dr sent me home, no follow up or tests
It was like last fall and I had upper L lung tightness, could be chest also. Wanted antibiotics, just in case, refused, finally on 3 or 4 try to ER, got my way. Still tight. Oh well!!!
It was nothing like I expected the care was incredible on rehab The nurses are wonderful & I feel blessed I was sent to rehab. I loved being able to go outside for fresh air & (unreadable). The cleaning staff need to be praised as well The lady cleaning my room did a thorough job every day I couldn't believe how hard she worked I cannot express in words how excellent the nurses, cleaning staff, unit helpers, physio, occupational therapy & anyone I missed saying care was. It is a special group of workers Even Dr XXXXXXXXXX did an excellent job considering he knows nothing about my medical history My only bad experience was the food so I went to (unreadable) one day Before I went to rehab I was on 3 surgical What I didn't like was my orthopedic surgeon didn't tell me he wouldn't be coming to see me anymore after I went to the rehab floor. That wasn't right It should have been explained to me. Rehab rating poor 0 to 10 excellent is a 20 the care from every person deserves to be praised & I do work at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX myself. Thank you
It was only a simple procedure There was no pain at all The overall experience was very good!
It was perfect thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX a special thanks to Dr XXXXXXXXXXX and staff. Also Dr XXXXXXXX and staff as well, all hospital staff. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
It was quite comfortable Was treated very well All staff was very nice and respectful
It was satisfactory visit to the hospital
It was the best experience for me. The nurses were all wonderful and the doctor was great. My nurse was the best. Thank you!
It was the night of the women's gold medal hockey game, + for the most part staff was (unreadable). A minor head wound was not treated for 5 hours + then, not washed Just put some skin glue on + left Never did get Tylenol for severe headache Not enough staff especially after midnight
It was the worst experience ever. I was treated like I didn't even have a baby. I didn't know I was pregnant. I was incomplete shock. No info on care after. As a result I have severe mental problems from the trauma & also my child was apprehended by XXX becuase I "neglected" him. Your staff neglected me by not treating my properly.
It was very brief overnight only then transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXX
It was very excellent stay in the hospital
It was very good! Caretakers were very professional and courteous.
It was very good.
It was very nice to be there it felt like home
It was very professional
It was very tiring period when I was hospitalized
It was very-very cold all the time.
It was well explained prior to admission and the course of recovery followed as explained. All staff were courteous and helpful & overall a good experience.
It was within an acceptable distance to drive for an emergency.
It went well
It went well!
It will be better if there was a single bed in the private room for my husband to stay overnight. The sofa bed in the hospital is too small, too short, too narrow, too firm to sleep on it.
It would be helpful if the surgeon could give us a piece of paper, listing all of his requests, rather than verbally. It is difficult to remember all of his requests, when he talks so fast the surgeon & hospital staff were great to me.
It would have been more appropriate to get pain meds while waiting the 5 hours in the waiting - my throat was almost swelled shut which made it had to breath & swallow
It would have been nice to have the discharge process speeded up. It was 3 hrs. after the doctor gave me the OK until I was discharged?
It, they were all amazing. Thank you.
It's a difficult dept to work on, I think most do there best.
Its always been great
It's best experience about my self. I will adapt (unreadable) in my regular life in the real world. THANK you BLUE WATER HEALTH
Its hard to evaluate all together. Their are exceptional compassionate people and a few who show pure destain for patients plight. A profession vrs a job I've seen both at XXX, in XXXXXX.
Its normal for me to retain fluid on my bladder until my bowels move - an ultrasound showed 500 cc to 1000 cc's retention AGAINST my wishes a nurse put in a catheter for 24 hours + this was painful (catheter was too big) As a result I got a UTI and it took 4 antibiotics to finally clear it up Apparently this nurse paid no attention to what I was saying - and I suffered for it
IV meds - treatment plan not explained there was NO effort by the ward desk staff, nursing staff, dietary staff and resident to deal with adequate food. Allergies to wheat, egg and milk food sensitivities meant that juice, coffee and occasionally a fruit cup were for breakfast staff laughed and joked about how pathetic it was but did nothing about it when I complained. I was served an egg salad sandwich on whole wheat bread with milk and was told it was too bad an nothing else could be provided. Absolutely unacceptable No nursing staff nor medical staff have contacted me to explain, apologize to me. Administration could at least do this XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX This has to change for other patients! Somebody should contact me
I've always had the best care, in any dealings I've had with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I've been receiving cystoscopes for bladder cancer for 10 years Don't understand why sexual questions matter!!
I've been to emerge in XXXXXX twice in the last year. - Both times have been good experiences. Staff seems to in short supply but coping with a lot of (unreadable). All need to be commended.
I've had a problem for most of this year (XXXX) and the Urologist Dr. XXXXXXX was a breath of fresh air. He explained what was showing in my previously done C.A.T. scan, he allowed me to view the cystoscopy on the screen, he spoke to me after the procedure to allay any concerns I had and he even resent a referral to Dr. XXXXX so I could be seen sooner. He was WONDERFUL! If he represents the equality of staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, your patients are in good hands.
Just a suggestion when staff replaced my water they would remove my straw from old water and move it to new water cup but with her bare hands I really felt unsanitary I just think clear instructions should be made to staff not sanitary take time to be mroe conscientious
Just as good XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX where we lived Keep up the good work.
Just could have had more guidance to how + how much to breastfeed baby
Just great. I am feeling much better at the present time. Thank you.
Just I chest pain was quickly investigated + rendered not heart Waited some time to see doctor as dept very busy.
Just keep up the good work!! Be proud. I am not from XXXXXX but I am impressed by the standard of care at this location
Just started on medical marijuana. Some problem getting permission to bring into hospital (3 days).
Just that everyone was very caring and responsible.
Just that I received excellent care from ambulance driver, nurses & doctor, no complaints at all
Just that the bedside manner was pretty poor by some of the nurses ... not all the lack of updates of what was going on got me pretty frustrated. Also the fact they forgot about us for an ultrasound. 9 hrs is a long time to wait with barely any sleep and nothing to eat for drink for my little guy. I feel the system needs to improve with scheduling tests etc and keeping patients updated as to what's going on or what happens next. I was very frustrated to stand at the nurses station with a bunch of nurses etc for approx. 5 mins only to be ignored as they were talking about their social lives. Very unprofessional in my opinion.
Just the waiting time to see a doctor. I had tetanus shot too
Just to add how nice everyone treated me Always felt like I was in good hands.
Just want to say thanks to all of the staff. Well done and bless all.
Just went in for sore throat
Just wish it didn't take so long for help.
Keep doing what you are doing.
Keep up good work!
Keep up the excellent work Thank you XXXXXX.
Keep up the good work and improvements
Keep up the good work thanks
Keep up the good work with continued training
Keep up the good work!
Keep up the good work.
Keep up the good work.
Keep up the great work! Thank you!
Keep up the great, quick, accurate, easy to follow, work!!!
Kept having to explain medical history over and over, felt like nurses weren't reading chart before seeing me. Some nurses bedside manner was harsh and belittled me. XXX nurses during labor were AMAZING!
Kind & attentive staff. They took the fear away with their explanations and reassurance. The food was very good and the food services staff were also friendly and sweet.
Kind of comical
Kindness definition! I am sad that you ask what I consider myself - Canadian! But perhaps that too is a privilege some cannot share
Kitchen staff should have been a little nicer
L&D nurses were great. They clearly show pride in their careers. My discharge meds didn't have clear enough directions/ie when to stop & I would have liked more infor on episiotomy care.
Lab tech taking my sons blood was excellent kind, considerate and explained everything to our child, thus he reduced our sons anxiety the nurse was also kind and attentive!
Labour & delivery nurses were great. Special care nursery staff were fantastic we REALLY appreciated being able to stay in the boarder room. It would have been devastating to have to go home without our baby, so being able to stay in the nursery & breastfeed her while she got extra care was AMAZING! Thank you
Labour and delivery has been the best care I have ever experienced at the hospital. Doctors and nurses were amazing!
Labour and delivery nurses were fantastic - kind, helpful, and did a great job taking care of us! As an aside: some of the response options you are asking respondents to select don't make sense based on the way the questions are worded. You may want to consider reviewing this so your survey is easier to complete.
Lack of info staff did not know I was coming. No paperwork or instruction for me prior to arrival
Lack of pillows for beds There were no pillows available to rest your head while laying down.
Lack of privacy & lack of rooms. Some doctors just want to send you home instead of giving proper treatment.
Lack of resources/nothing on the weekends. No access to balcony (why) I work with many contractor. Can we raise money to repair/fix? XXXXXXX
Lady came early before 24 hours Has to be done again
Last night there we had a nurse who wasn't nice to myself or the other person in my room. She sure didn't like her job. Nurses like that give the others a bad name.
Last procedure was cancelled; I was not on the proper meds prior to the procedure.
Last visit to Emerg was well done Doctor help a lot Made appointments with special other doctors.
Left 6 hours in Emerg on return to hospital 6 hours after initial visit to get help with uncontrolled bleeding.
Left after close to 3 hours - decided I am not an emergency so should just see my family doctor on XXXXXX. It was the correct decisions The emergency room was my only alternative as there were NO CLINICS available in the weekend I knew I did not require emergency services - just a clinic The staff were good but since I was not seen the questions are not applicable except for wait time
Left after sitting for 1 1/2 hours in waiting room and went to walk in clinic where I got immediate care.
Left in ER for 48 hrs. waiting for ICU beds to open up. Nursing staff competent. Did not get to see doctor (intern unfamiliar with cardiac situations) Overall, 6 months after heart attack, still no answer to chest pains. Inter-departmental communication the main issue.
Length of time spent
Less of waiting time.
Less than 2 min with doctor in prescribed medication I could not take which pharmacists informed me Gave me a weak shot for pain, I was told take it or leave it.
Lesser wait times
Letter to editor is product of stay Dear Editor After reading the health issue article by Mr XXXX it prompts me to communicate my latest adventure regarding our public health system This past week saw me experiencing the latter first hand through spending several days at the local hospital My experience is not one of victim as sometimes prompts letters to the editor Rather it is one of admiration of those who so effectively dealt with my personal situation from triage to residency to release It is the people who deserve recognition and our respect They make the system function admittedly with the help of much technology New devices will undoubtedly further support their efforts but I sense that it was their personal care that contributed most to my wellbeing I thank the approximate twenty individuals with whom I had a capacity to converse and appreciate their dedication to their professions and to me as a patient Keep up the fine effort The human and person touch is very important Respectfully
Life skills course particularly helpful.
Long time waiting to see the doctor.
Long wait in emergency department - 8 hour wait
Long wait time - not too many people there (patients). Once called back to room, nurse/doctors where quick with care/x-rays needed.
Long wait times always at every emerg dept. Should be a lot faster And should be able to go to a walk in clinic for non emerg issues but family dr won't allow it & puts strains on emerg dept.
Long waiting time. My test results to be sent to surgeon were not sent. Caused confusion. Simple mistake I guess.
Long waits!!! Sometimes rudeness with staff. Most times I am there for drip for cluster migraines so wish there was a room for being hooked up & get out to rest at home. Really don't know if people know how cluster migraine are. You would know that has them. Thank you!
Long weekend. Dr on call showed up once in 4 days. Each day doctor who showed up was "covering" for the dr on call. Very little interaction which extended my stay longer than required.
Looked after very well by nurses daughter is a nurse
Lost new prescription, never found 4 days - blood pressure only one pill out of bottle never saw anyone for 3-4 hrs at shift change Couldn't allow me to have Metamucil Only had restoral Rx. Offered to have pharmacy deliver other Constipated or on toilet half of my stay Got home rec in 3 days
Lot of respect for nurses during stay!
Love everyone at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX as they literally saved my life. Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is my hero & the nurse are fabulous management and staff should be commended for implementing safe conditions arrive the coronavirus pandemic. I am very very impressed with Bluewater Health and it's entire staff thank you! XO
Love that the wait times have significantly decreased! Doctors are very friendly and professional I have high anxiety and they went above and beyond to make sure I knew what was being done and how I'd feel. Kept me very calm. Thank you XXX!!
Love the market in the atrium nurses and doctors and staff were excellent
Love XXX! Love emerg staff. Survey was too long!
Love XXXXXXXX ER!!!
Love XXXXXXXXXXX! Always fast & efficient.
Loved our nurse we had for the birth of our baby Thank you to the staff that helped us during this Covid time.
Lovely Staff, passionate about their work. Very thankful that they are such hard working caring team
Low oxygen level Don't remember much Sent home to soon returned next day to different hospital by ambulance.
Lucky there was only one person waiting in emerg when they wheeled me in to take a number? Was bleeding out and was the only one worried besides the ambulance paramedic had a hard time getting the stitches out afterwards 3rd visit to emerg and countless wasted hours all for a 20 min drive to another hospital in and out! Health care in XXXXXXX is getting brutal
Made my comments through the telephone. Thanks.
Maintenance people seem to be doing a very good job.
Male nurses 1/2 were nice 1/2 were not.
Many many thanks for the excellent care I received from the entire staff. I am very proud of our hospital. XXXXXXXXXXXX.
Many questions could not be answered because I could not remember. Low scores re emergency department are due to wait times. XXXXXXXXXXXX = 4-6 hrs, XXXXXXXX = 1/2 hr.
Many staff not introducing themselves, checking private areas without asking. Staff were rude and felt judgemental. WHole process to have a DBC @ XXX was horrible - wouldn't tell me what was wrong in 4/5. Sent me to my drs in XXXXXXXX to tell me no heart beat. Sent me to OBGYN made me sit with all pregnant women while I waited to find out how to get rid of remains day surgery right outside maternity ward. Worst experience I've ever had, would never recommend XXX for this procedure, would go out of town next time I need a hospital.
Many thanks to all the wonderful staff
Mark bathroom locations better
May stay could have been a lot better, (no sleep) because of a disruptive room mate
Maybe the nurses should check in more during the day & ensure people get out and go to programming or just to check in more
Maybe you could reduce wait times. IE. front desk to procedure could be less than 1 hr. Other than that you do a great job.
Meals - excellent. Except hamburger - not real meat.
Meals could be better Hot on delivery
Meals left a lot to be desired
Meals should include fresh fruit, never saw any entire stay All staff were excellent! Thanks
Meals were good. Dr XXXXX was in almost every day.
Meals were not very good Need to improve them
Meals, ground meat - terrible
Medical staff and volunteer staff were very helpful and supportive, they made my hospital stay almost enjoyable. You didn't ask about food... just as well.
Medication - meds. I was taken off of for a bit nurses gave them to me anyway. IV - if a nurse cannot get IVs in on one try - get someone who can instead of poking 4 & 5 times. That's painful & leaves large bruises. Some nurses thought they were the doctor. Food was fine - but why is it cold. Every meal was cold - because it was cold it tasted horrible e.g. meatballs & pasta w/ sauce. Medication - blood thinners are not to be given if the patient is on a baby aspirin from the small pick for diabetes blood was running down my finger. It seems that not all are kept up to speed which causes confusion. Blood to thin could cause a huge problem. Why are hospitals out of the regular blood thinner injections or needles & the nurses are using longer needles in the stomach that is not good & could cause some damage.
Medication given for bladder infection (10 days) cleared up 2 weeks later problem back went to emerg lab, do a different test. Come back in 2 days for results. Nobody knew anything about this test, I was told. Not happy.
Mental health patients need more programs/services on the unit
Mental health problems at this hospital are not dealt with well. The crisis nurses are amazing but overwhelmed with the amount of people who need help and of all ages. We need to do more! I've been told before it would be at least 6 hours to see a crisis nurse and asked if I wanted to wait? Yes I want to wait. I'm here because I need help. Not just going to go home because it is going to be a wait. I would still need the help at home and it could end worse if I went home. To many people in this city are trying to deal with their mental health on their own because this hospital just can't help. We need to do more. And it starts with surveys like this. Please help us.
MIC nurses are amazing and caring - the best. I was not prepared for the emotional aspect of childbirth and how the birth would affect me mentally.
Might opt for private room if I could afford it - ward room is quite noisy & disruptive at night due to (unreadable) needs of all occupants. Bloodwork is done at an ungodly hour.
Millions thanks.
More attention from dieticians re food dislikes
More attention should be paid to the patient in regards to pain management and trauma associated with total knee replacement. My experience right from waking up from anesthesia would have definitely been managed much better. This was second knee replacement.
More beds need to be readily available so admittance through emerg doesn't take forever.
More compassion understanding older knowledgeable nurses don't be always in a hurry
More coordinated sharing of medical info with the patient
More doctor's are required Passed out trying to get registered. The 4 step system - register - triage - back to registration - then ER when called is too difficult in an emergency
More doctors Less wait time
More doctors required for every shift. Too few at emerg for most ER visits.
More explanation of what is available for seniors I asked for help with emotions No one ever got hold of me
More help with breast feeding would be helpful.
More intake personal. More beds, in hall on stretcher for 21 hours XXXXXXXXXXXX
More nurses on nights. Change bedding more often Had to ask to have my bed changed after a few days as it was dirty
More rec therapy time Different life skills group leader, no one thinks XXX does a good job
More staff would make it possible to rate much higher!!
Morphine was prescribed for pain control. Previous experience with morphine was good This time it was given through intravenous in arm too fast Pain got worse, & more morphine made pain worse. Dr. finally gave nitro drip which stopped pain.
Most ER staff were rude & not compassionate. There were only a few that spoke to me as a person - because of my elder age, I was not treated fairly in the ER & once admitted. I never want to come again.
Most food was cold or lukewarm when received.
Most nurses were wonderful, one aid was terrible Elbowed me up on my bad side. Stop meant nothing to her. That evening nurses had trouble getting my pain regulated.
Most of the nurses have loose hair. They should have hair nets on their heads (or head clothes which is old - fashioned now). The doctors should come upon their rounds to see their patients more often.
Most of the nurses went out of their way to help me and were very knowledgeable. - Some have different opinions re baby care, breastfeeding etc - My pain was not taken seriously "you are not in as much pain as you think you are"
Most of the questions do not really apply to me, as I left the ER due to the long wait I was very concerned about a very disturbed crying toddler that was not being seen in the XXXXXXXXX I went to the XXXXXXXXXXX (very late at night) Note: When I go to the ER for bladder pain, I am given an antibiotic, IF there is an infection I am never given anything for the pain relief I have Interstitial Cystitis No pain meds from my urologist here in XXXXXX so now am seeing a urologist out of town Pain care matters!!!
Most of the staff were nice and worked hard. When I had to go to hospital in XXXXXX I found staff there more friendly and kind.
Most of the times waiting is a big problem sometimes I was there 7 to 8 hrs. Most people go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for faster service - I know a lot of people would agree with me.
Most of these questions do not apply to this visit. I was slightly impacted Took over the counter med and it just happen to work when shortly after I was checked in All previous visit were good experiences "No complaints ever"
Most pleased with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Most respectful I have ever had. They did not make me feel shame + were immediately helpful to find a spot not near people.
Mostly good care considerate dr.s except for one all other car was usually well Dr XXXX I won't see again
Moved to this area 7 months ago. At the time of the wait I had not been able to get a family doctor. Within the last 2 weeks I have been accepted by a local family doctor.
Mr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX is very good. They are very friendly & helpful. Its like family while your there. XXXXXXXX is great after 50 years.
Much better birthing experience this time vs in XXXX I felt that all hospital staff were listening to my concerns and generally cared for my wellbeing Well done to all Maternity Ward staff Everyone was professional and courteous!
Much better experience this time (unreadable) the initial visit Courteous + on time
Much better than I got on previous times XXXXXXXXXX
My 1st child was born at XXX and this stay compared to that stay was a million times better. Thank you.
My 4 time visits to emerg were due to 1st broken hand last 3 related to shingles that occurred on weekend when dr not available. 1 shingle related visit - dr said too late for med 2nd shingle related visit try again to get med + dr said yes//3rd visit - want renew med + dr said not able to
My Abilify shot was given in the wrong spot, and I could have been well a lot faster if in right spot! (30% effective in shoulder) - Was supposed to be given in my hip! - This mistake lengthens my stay - A nurse laughed at me when he saw how much meds I was on I complained to the 3W manager on both accounts.
My admission was not planned - I was a pedestrian hit by a vehicle 1. While I was hospitalized, it was not arranged for me to have my regular medications which I take daily - why?? 2. I had a lot of pain! I never received advice on positioning ice/heat applications no help getting prepared for meals I was totally alone in my pain 3. In discharge, the instructions were meant for a surgical patient nothing for my personal care On the medication sheet, it says to continue my regular meds - that is, after my 3 day lack of them while in hospital
My answers covered a stay in hospital 1x day surgery I was very fortunate in my care compared to others my total experience was very positive
My baby was premature (born at XXXX weeks). We knew in advance he was coming early so I was given steroids in the days before to help with his lung development. After I delivered, my baby was placed on my lower stomach near my pubic bone for less than a minute while the doctor cut the umbilical cord. My newborn son was then whisked away to be looked at and measured and all that. He was, however, screaming, which meant he was breathing. I wanted to do skin to skin care immediately after birth, as well as attempting breastfeeding. Of all the things I planned in my birth plan, that was the MOST IMPORTANT to me. To have immediate skin to skin for as long as I needed in order to bond and establish my milk supply. I was, however, not given the chance to ask for what I wanted. In the days following, my son was on IV AND fed formula from a bottle, even though I wanted to exclusively breastfeed. I pumped my breastmilk, but was not allowed to breastfeed my son for several days, and when I was allowed, it was only allowed once per day so my baby wouldn't tire out. However, he continued to bottle feed and pacified with a soother. I'm not sure how those things didn't tire him out, but breastfeeding does? This continued for the 12 days my son was in the nursery. Anyway, we're now 6 weeks after birth, and I'm still struggling with my milk supply and am forced to supplement with formula. It's not really the route I wanted to go as bottle cleaning and preparation is very time consuming, and formula is expensive and not as convenient, which has been tough on me as a single mom. My entire experience with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was overall a good experience, but I was disappointed with the moments following my sons birth, and my inability to be allowed to breastfeed him.
My bathroom was filthy!!! Unhygienic! Cleaned once in 4 days I was there My dressings from surgery soaked right through my pajama pants. Possibly a nurse should have checked it before cutting to this point The nurse changed my dressing in the bathroom as easier to do with me No stand up. She pulled the tape and stuck it to the wall behind the toilet, to cut it. I told her that she was not putting that on my body, especially near a surgical wound Same nurse when I asked her to get my legs in bed (R) (unreadable) did not lift them gently & keep them together, but rather took my operated limb and "yanked" it to the right abducting it fully, when I had suffered an (unreadable) % # (GT) and surgeon ordered 0 abduction Glad to go home! There was a sink close to my bed & as I was now WB and stiff I figured it would save me some steps at least to use it to wash my face & brush my teeth. It was ridden with IV bags (emptied/used), my blood transfusion bags ... & I was in a semi-private. 2nd night after surgery, admitted someone into my room & awake for hours - Can they not put someone into an empty room or ward? I have health (unreadable) to be in semi-private You'd never know it. Floor strewn with toilet paper, paper towels = Slipping hazard as well as used plastic measuring inserts for urine output
My bed was soaked immediately after procedure - was left to clean myself before getting dressed being partially handicapped (polio) this was very difficult with the provisions given.
My bed wasn't change every week. - Not the best keeping it tidy
My benefits pay for private room they need more private rooms I stayed in a semi-private
My care at the hospital was as good as I could have hoped for.
My care in the hospital was great. Staff were awesome.
My care was excellent and I have no complaints I am more grateful than anything else
My care was excellent however 3 trainees comes in at the same time + always left alone for a long time. I had to go to the bathroom + no one could take me - I understand why but it was frustrating. I could not go by myself + did not know where the bathroom was. Perhaps more staff required.
My care was excellent I feel very lucky to have those facilities in my community
My care was exemplary when the antibiotic cause severe soft BM's and sores. The nurses showed me dignity & sympathetic to my situation. My husband had bowel cancer while I was there (XXXXXXXXX) - the staff allowed & took me to visit him. *I only felt that they let me home too soon ... both of us on the same day ... and I was weaned down off prednisone too quickly.
My care was good, however I was given Tylenol 2x (500mg) & over the counter Tylenol for my kidney stone pain - it was not enough! I took Robax Platinum that I had at home for pain, this stone was smaller & I wasn't in agony like last time, but the meds did not work!
My care was of a high caliber and I was satisfied! XXXXXXXXXX
My care was technically fine An x-ray confirmed a degenerated spinal disc causing a pinched nerve. The physician's lack of empathy was the only issue Luckily, my condition has improved with physio He told me there's nothing I can do. Not true and also not comforting at all Some questions do not make sense because of Covid 19 restrictions.
My child had to stay in the NICU for a few days I was able to board in a room during his stay. I was disappointed that I was no longer able to receive meals for the rest of my stay and had to resort to leaving my child for fast food runs
My concern is how long it took to be seen on a slow night. I arrived at 11PM and wasn't seen until 3 AM. The time before I arrived at 10PM and finally went home at 3AM without ever seeing a doctor. The wait times are not reasonable.
My discharge nurse was too busy to verbally answer my questions about child care that I indicated on my checklist & handed me a book. This was very disappointing as I would have appreciated the help.
My discharge physio was not organized before I left which delayed me seeing physio at home x4-5 days. XXXX - physio should have been called on d/c but was not done as I was d/c on XXXXXXXX D/C on XXXXXXXX or did not see me prior to leaving My hemoglobin was low on d/c at 75. I asked d/c nurse what Hgb was and she never got back to me This information would have been helpful especially if I developed post-op complications I found out my Hgb by another dept who was involved with my care. I was thankful I had the heads up Staff was reluctant to give out pain medication on day 2 by injection Wanted me to start on oral I did not feel oral was effective enough on day 2 after hip surgery.
My doctor needed to be better at speaking english!
My doctor was excellent and so were all the nurses.
My doctor was fabulous I felt my care was top notch.
My doctor was very good! Always communicated once a day! Nurses very supportive + kind! Great food too!
My doctor's nurse had suggested I go and get an x-ray of the knee I had injured before my appointment with my doctor. The E.R doctor I encountered at the hospital quickly felt my knee and determined there was no damage to my knee that an x-ray would able to identify, and so he refused to authorize the x-ray. Ten days later when I was able to attend the doctor's appointment he authorized an x-ray and made out a requisition form. I returned to the hospital once again, and because I had the requisition the x-ray was performed. I think it would have much better ad would saved a lot of wasted time if I had just received the xray in the first place.
My dr wanted for me to stay a week or 2 more but she was turned down for this request. I was sent home after a month.
My emerg visit this spring temp of 101 w/ pneumonia was met w/ indifference I was coughing so hard I was vomiting & felt faint. I'm on a disability The waiting room was empty so I laid down on the floor when my name was called the nurse would neither help me up nor offer me a wheelchair She abandoned me on a gurney without anything to throw up in, half frozen An hour later when the x-ray tech came to get me she covered me with a heated blanket It was 3 AM There was only 1 other patient in emerg WTH?? She, the nurse, pulled the curtain & walked away I never saw her again during the 4 hrs I was there I have dark hair in braids I think she though I was native
My emergency room doctor was referring me to a specialist to which I have had no contact!
My EMS visits were to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX The wait is to long in XXXXXX
My entire stay (7 days) was positive. Everybody treated me with the utmost respect. Even the food was good.
My ER dr was great Dr. XXXXXX I believe was her name. She is very sweet & very knowledgeable.
My experience @ XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX couldn't have been better. However I object to questions 50 & 51. I am Caucasian and African American should be the wording used for people of colour. Also the word QUEER? WHAT IS THAT other than being offensive.
My experience is much more positive than last childbirth. Nurses were relaxed, easy to talk to and respectful. Maybe because it wasn't a busy time on the floor.
My experience was at the beginning stage of the pandemic I'm so appreciative of the professionalism & kindness of the nurses on the maternity floor.
My experience was better then expected.
My experience was good However I was surprised the anesthesiologist didn't know of a medical issue that I discussed at my pre-surgery clinic Result was 15 min delay in surgery while my cardiologist was contacted Could have cancelled surgery if my doctor couldn't be contacted!
My experience was great. Cannot complain. Excellent treatment & service.
My experience was professional & caring. The wait for the room was long & shouldn't be the government needs to put more money for patient the staff was excellent & overworked.
My family and I greatly appreciate the staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Thank you!!
My family being able to visit a lot
My family dr happened to be in the area (talking to the person at registration) He saw me and asked if I couldn't wait to go to his office later He obviously felt/implied I was wasting my time in emergency and staff's time I should have gone to hrs office. I later found out my EKG reading there was not good so tomorrow I'm doing a stress test in XXXXXX.
My family was not informed about how critical my condition was until 2 days after the fact. All in all, though, I had exemplary care.
My favorite nurse was "XXX" she was so nice + helpful Kudos to her for making my stay delightful!
My first overnight stay in hosp. an experience I hope not to repeat. The care was great, but I do not know why anyone would want to be a health care worker. (Extremely busy, unattractive duties)
My general experience with the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has being great. Staff is extremely professional and helpful and waiting times are very good. Not just because is a small hospital, but because staff is always focused on patients.
My good memories of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX start in XXXX - I was a nurse's aide - I loved my work to make people well + happy I'll never forget.
My hospital stay & care was excellent.
My hospital stay could not have been better. Kindness and friendliness were always shown to me my privacy was not taken into consideration by a volunteer walking down the hall and saw me in the room
My hospital stay was a very good experience I would definitely prefer to have the service of XXXXXXXXXX for my future operations. The doctors, nurses + staff were the best.
My hospital stay was a very good experience, however the 4 emergency, 2 ambulatory care, 1 physician visit prior to surgery was a disaster. It took over 3 months to solve my problem and I believe it could have been solved in 1 week. The pain and care I received prior to my required surgery was awful. I had 3 CT scans and 1 x-ray and this would not have been necessary if they had of taken better care. XXXXXXXXX holidays/no urologists on call and x-ray radiologists understaffed put me through intolerable pain and I believe were a drain on the healthcare system that we as taxpayers are paying.
My hospital stay was above average; the only thing I didn't know was after my surgery I was packed with gauze in my vagina for my bladder lift. But overall it was worth it. Dr. XXXXX is excellent!
My hospital stay was excellent and staff great, however I do object to question #50. I find it very insulting and unnecessary for my health and wellbeing in hospital - male and female is only needed
My hospital stay was excellent It was so good that I asked if I could stay an extra day and it was granted. XX
My hospital stay was for laser surgery for benign prostatic hyperplasia. Absolutely nobody informed me that I could suffer from incontinence. It has been thirty-three days since my procedure and I suffer from incontinence on a daily basis. Since this is a common problem after this procedure it definitely should have been conveyed to me. I did receive paper instructions and a booklet on my discharge and the word incontinence did not appear in any of these documents. All patients that undergo the above procedure should be informed about incontinence.
My hospital stay was good, however the first time I was at Emergency from a fall on ice, in which I was brought in via ambulance, my hip and shoulder were xrayed and showed a fracture on my shoulder. They told me no hip fracture, I was given a stabilizer sling. When I went to get up off the bed I told the nurse it was extremely painful and I could barely weight bear on that leg. The nurse helped me into a wheel chair and wheeled me out to the waiting room so I could call a cab. A really nice patient in the waiting room helped me into a cab, the cab driver brought me to the drug store to have a script filled and then took me home. Two days later I had to call 911 and have them take me back to the hospital because I could not get up on my own. A second set of X-ray showed that I had a fractured pelvis. I was then admitted, they were aware that I had just moved to XXXXXX and had no family or friends here to assist me with home care. The next day physio came in and wanted me to walk, I had told them I had not had pain medication yet and mostly my hip and leg was very painful, they still wanted me to walk, so I did. Later that day my ankle had become red painful and swollen, I had sprained my ankle from walking earlier, I was then put on no weight bearing. I was brought down fracture clinic, and a soft cast was applied at that time they had noticed that the wrong sling was given and they put the correct one on. I guess to sum this up I feel that during my first visit I should not have been released, I could barely walk and had no one at home to assist me. Physio should have not have been so adamant that I walk. As far as quality assurance and improvement all departments should listen a bit more to the patient.
My hospital stay was great. Everyone was very kind & friendly & helpful. There was only one nurse that wasn't nice or helpful & basically refused to help me, acted like I was bothering her. I did make a formal complaint with XXX
My hospital stay was just fine.
My hospital stay was very good! But food was disgusting most of time. Emergency beds were terrible the mattress sunk into the frame bad back!
My hospital stay was very good. Everyone was kind & helpful.
My hospital stay XXXXXX + XXXXXXX was notified of end of 14 day quarantine after covid outbreak 4th floor medical after not at start - very odd! Learned of outbreak from interns. Someone dropped the ball there.
My husband and I were extremely happy with the nurses + doctors at the hospital. I couldn't have asked for a better experience
My husband has had 35 surgeries and 20 kidney stone admissions This is by far the best experience he and his family have had Unfortunately he died of leukemia
My husband is very hard of hearing as some of these questions were hard to answer I also take care of all his medication. The doctors feel that he should be in a nursing home but I asked they could see him at home and they might understand better.
My husband recently spent 13 days in hospital He started in emergency - Dr. XXXXXX & Dr. XXXXX & all the staff treated her with respect & (unreadable). He was moved to Med C - once again - all the staff were professional and very good - then he was transferred to telemetry, then had surgery for a pacemaker. Once again - everyone cared for him with respect and kindness. Dr. XXXXXX & Dr. XXXXXXXXX were professional in this whole experience Was positive and we are very grateful to every staff member for making his stay one he is very grateful for. Thank you for taking such good care of him. He is doing well, thanks to everyone involved. Merry Christmas! With gratitude - XXXXXX & XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
My husband was not able to purchase food as everything was closed due to XXXX - should at least had cafeteria open until at least reg hours. He had walked to hospital far away and wasn't able to eat with me especially on XXXX!!
My I was admitted at 19 weeks pregnant. I delivered my baby at this admission and soon after my child passed away. This survey is highly appropriate to send to myself after my incident. You need to look at your filters before sending to any other patients.
My initial experience in the ER was met by non-nursing health screeners was more than deplorable. As a result I have addressed this issue with chief of staff, chief of nursing and patient advocate, I am confident that it will be handled,
My injury turned out to be severe bruising to my leg. No one told me to apply heat or cold to it! That would have been very helpful.
My insulin was changed without my knowing I'm sure I informed the staff what insulin I was using After I went home on your insulin you put me on my blood sugars sky rocketed and my doctors and nurse practitioners had quite a time brining them down Finally they put me back on the insulin I was originally and now my blood sugars are back to normal
My insurance paid for a semi private room but I was transferred to a ward after 1 day. I was not happy with this change and I hope that my insurance was not charged for a semi private room for 5 nights.
My last stay in hospital was over 12 yrs ago, and have been able to manage as outpatient
My last stay was (unreadable) hospital I find the nurses to be mostly rude and not caring - (unreadable) my family has always been in health care and they always should caring + polices
My last three visits to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were abysmal. It took a very lengthy wait before I was seen, even though I was vomiting in an empty waiting room, the doctors and nurses were not kind or reassuring. They treated my symptoms and were seemingly in a rush to discharge me It was subpar care at best
My long wait time for my 2 minute service, does not go well with me.
My mastectomy incision was leaking fluid badly & after dr exam I was referred to a surgeon for follow up 4 days later. However, the intern & nurse didn't apply a new clean dressing so my husband did so with a spare dressing we'd taken to emerg. This was my 2nd visit to emerg in 7 days for this problem & the 1st visit the surgeon drained the excessive fluid with a syringe
My mother is XX yrs. old & she had the best care she could possibly have!
My mother told me if you have nothing good to say you shouldn't say anything at all So I will not.
My mother, XXXXXXX, still remains in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in the XXXXXXXXXXX. She is receiving excellent care and I would rate this unit with an absolute 10. XXXXXXXXXXX (POA)
My name is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Diagnosis was influenza Was sick for a good 2 months.
My nurse was horrible! She was rude and didn't care about me, whatsoever
My nurse was very helpful and attentive and my delivery doctor Dr XXXXX stayed with me through the entire delivery.
My nurse XXXX was amazing. She had compassion for me while encouraging me to get up and moving. My discharge nurse XXXXX (not sure of spelling) denied me a shower before I left, and did not tell me how to shower with the incisions.
My nurses name was XXXXXX and I just want to say she was AMAZING my whole labour and was so kind and helpful the whole time. She made my experience so much better and less terrifying.
My nurses on 4 floor & emergency where very good to me. I had head injury.
My nurses that took care of me and my family were wonderful and so helpful!! Thank you!!
My nurse's were very kind and sweet, my therapist's were wonderful. And of course my doctor was a delight, very smart and helpful. Also the volunteers were great. My priest was always there for me with prayers and holy communion. Thank you!
My only complaint is the length of time It was over 5 hours from start to finish. Mind you, it was a busy night in ER - stroke, farm injury etc. I just had a broken toe I could've been in & out faster.
My only complaint was my last night in hospital a lady came into the ward that couldn't speak good English As we were settling in for the night she was told to stay in bed because of her surgery. She kept getting out of bed and was confused and not understanding This went on from about 9 till one and the (unreadable) us not getting any sleep Felt like I was babysitting as I had to keep buzzing for nurse for her Then decision made they took her to nurses station in her bed so res of us could sleep Only complaint I have
My only complaint was my room was very cold very drafty wind was blowing blinds Everything else was perfect
My only complaint was my visit to the emerge with my problem what was an obstructive bowel. Often check-in and sitting my pain got real bad. Felt like I was going to pass and and be sick - my wife had to to to tell them of my condition twice. They finally saw the pain I was in and wheeled me in to look at the problem. After that experience, the treatment there was great. I was there for about five days. It was just the wait time in emerg. that bothered me.
My only complaint would be appointment was 10:00. I requested @ 930 procedure didn't go till 1215 had to pay parking.
My only real complaint is the extremely long waiting periods to be called out of the waiting room. Otherwise, XXX is great!
My operation was delayed by 4 1/2 hrs which made me very edgy. No TV to watch, to pass the time which was irritating
My original appointment was forme to arrive at the hospital at 10:15 am Apparently my surgery time was changed to an earlier time but I was not contacted to 9:30 on the morning of surgery. Somebody forgot to call me to inform me of the change of time As a result I was late for my new surgery time!
My overall experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was above any other I can recall
My overall experience was better than I expected. Nursing staff very cordial & helpful. Meals were also not as bad as I was expecting. Don't think bathroom was cleaned often enough considering one of the patients in my room had severe diarrhea. Concerned it could have been contagious.
My overnight stay was a precaution as I use a C-PAP machine. I couldn't ask for better case from all who I dealt with. However the hamburger supper was very cold. I ate it anyway. My breakfast was good Then I was discharged
My overnight stay was due to sleep apnea. However i could not use my CPAP as nurse told me she did not have proper PPE - I find this improper.
My personal medication schedule is always disrupted when hospitalized. Meds are dispensed on hospital time my schedule is off + taking meds at the wrong time etc had quite lively debate with nurses, to no avail. upsetting
My preadmission info was clearly lost, as the birthing center was not expecting me, so I had to answer questions + fill out paperwork between contractions which wasn't ideal. Also, my baby's blood screening wasn't saturated enough, so we were called back in a few days later which wasn't convenient
My preregistration was excellent. All staff were considerate no waiting at all from 1 department to the next
My primary physician was negligent to address my health issues high BP & only checked upon admission reading (190/120) and regarding my enlarged liver and shingles, just informed of their existence and sent on my way (after waiting an unnecessarily long time for my test results)
My problem was my esophagus + pills not going there causing pain. Doctor though it was my heart + sent me to XXXXXX for an angiogram. My heart was fine + they sent me home. Result was doctors assumed it was my heart, but was not more tests should have taken place.
My procedure & stay at the hospital was handled with great respect.
My procedure was simple. Next
My procedure was very basic The nurses were great. The procedure was quick and was wheeled back to the waiting area where a nurse instructed me. I got dressed + left. No medication or another appointment needed.
My rating would be a zero for emergency service. I spent 11 hrs in the emergency
My recent stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was as pleasant as I could ever hope for. At all times I felt completely safe and well looked after by hospital staff. My stay was further enhanced by having a roommate with whom I had much in common and shared many a chuckle in our exchanges.
My recommendation to XXX is to have phone charging stations (options of docking station) throughout the emergency department. Sometimes in an emergency situation people forget to bring their chargers or phone functions are old. In this case phones could be charged while waiting and correspondence with family and friends is ensured.
My room was cold. Cold air was coming out of register. A nurse did adjust temp but even when a nurse came into room at 6 am, she had her winter coat on. I did ask for warming blankets which helped some. I should have had family bring a blanket from home. All the nursing staff were kind and pleasant to chat with. Other than being cold the care was excellent.
My room was very cold no heat.
My room was very cold. Told nurse she said could not be fixed. 1st night had 8 blankets. Two nights later male nurse came on we told him and he knew it was cold, he had it repaired next day, did not need covers next night.
My roommate in semi private room refused to wear headphones when asked to do so when watching TV. I then was left with no other choice than paying for a private room, policy should be put in place that if someone refuses to dose. They should have to pay for private room, or change TV system for one that sound is only available with headphones!
My roommate was treated very rudely by one particular RN. The patient had had a stroke the previous day. She saw double & could use only one hand She spilled a glass of H2O down her gown. The nurse told her it would dry & left the room
My roommates were difficult patients - they were quiet Nurse where stretched taking care of their problems. Food - bathroom procedures All staff went beyond the call of duty for these 2 people
My scheduled surgery was for hip replacement. Due to limited mobility I used an in-bed urinary bottle so as to avoid having to be assisted to the washroom. When I buzzed staff to inquire about disposal I was advised that in the future to leave it on my bedside table. I informed staff that I was not prepared to leave it on a table which I ate off of. I was advised that this or waiting on staff were the only available options! I used a cord attached to the bottle to hang from the bed rails. Addressing this issue is an opportunity for improvement! Thanks
My sister XXXXX has no memory of her stay in the acute stoke unit but I was there almost every day so I was able to answer all questions to the best of my ability. XXXXXXXXXXXX
My son had a motorbike accident & broke his arm He is X Excellent care
My son had surgery a few days prior. His visit was in regards to this. He arrived in his hospital gown. It was not right that he had to sit in the waiting room in that & in a wheelchair in pain for over an hour. He should have been able to at least wait in a bed.
My son, had no food or water and couldn't leave. He is diabetic XXXXXXXXXXXX
My stay & surgery was good I can say some of my answers were lower only because of pain meds & being very tired I feel I can't remember some things like if a nurse told me each time what I was getting for drugs or their name I didn't sleep well as the lady with me had terrible sleep apnea and no one got her machine It was like trying to sleep with a freight train, and I know because my spouse has sleep apnea! Thank you
My stay at rehab was excellent XXXX scheduled treatments x2 daily when discharged I was told I would have to wait 4-6 wks to cont with and pet treatments x2 wkly after 5 weeks I am still waiting relying on a walker for mobility
My stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was very comfortable, excellent care, and treated with the utmost kindness I would recommend anyone to stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX They will not be disappointed
My stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was a very positive stay. I was treated with the utmost respect and dignity. The nurses + doctors worked in a very professional manner. Even the food wasn't to bad.
My stay for planned surgery was great. But have had times in emerg when patients are not taken seriously and drs and nurses are impatient or rude. Are they tired?
My stay in hospital was excellent I was very sick when I went into hospital + was treated very well + very well taken care of.
My stay may have been long, but I was okay with that because they ran a lot of tests, which took time. I felt I was being well taken care of. Thank you
My stay overall was good No complaints, nurses were respective, courteous & open to any questions asked. Thank you.
My stay was a very positive experience, thanks to all concerned Happy XXXX
My stay was as pleasant as a hospital stay could be - rather be none but I feel much better - very kind staff!!
My stay was due to having a major surgical procedure. The care and attention I received prior to and after the surgery was professional and exceptional. Most efficient and dedicated staff. My sincere thanks.
My stay was during covid staff shortage was very evident. They had no time for comfort measures to help with loneliness and fears.
My stay was during COVID-19 protocols. I was not happy about being moved from my bed to another 3 bedroom for my final night before going to XXXXXX for surgery. Telemetry floor head nurse moved me for no reason. They had not been swabbed for COVID!
My stay was during lockdown due to the virus the nurses & doctors were excellent and kept my daughter informed daily they were very attentive we are so lucky * blessed having such a wonderful facility in XXXXXX & such caring & wonderful staff!!
My stay was good Office staff made me as comfortable as possible. Thank you all. XXXXXXXXXX
My stay was good overall I did not need very much care - They gave me a test and I waited for the doctor to discharge me. I was given none of my normal medications but not sure why other then they weren't ordered. I had to see the specialists for my results post discharge. I am a XXXXXXXX so I completely manage on my own.
My stay was good. Would have been more comfortable in a bed than spending 12 hours in a chair in the emergency. Third floor nurse was excellent and went well above her expectations.
My stay was great, well as great as a hospital stay gets, the nursing staff was very professional, the meals were very well presented and fast.
My stay was very comfortable. Medical procedure was done My stay was pleasant
My stay was very good at all times thank you-
My stay was very good. Nurses good, went out of their way to do things with me. I did not need help in hospital but they wanted me to be careful first day and call then to help me. I tried to help them out with lady in my room.
My stay was wonderful. XX
My surgeon, Dr. XXXXXXX was exceptional! He explained everything so I understood what was happening! I was extremely happy to have had him as my doctor
My surgery meant I couldn't weight bear on my foot for six weeks No one at the hospital showed me how to use the crutches My doctor did not adequately prepare me or make any suggestions for what equipment would make life easier once I got home
My symptoms were sore throat/pain, intermittent headache/pain, blocked sinuses, sinus pain, upper bronchial pain, endless mucus in my nose/throat/ears, my ears were plugged, and I felt tired and weak. I was given a chest X-ray to make sure I didn't have pneumonia/fluid in my lungs. I was told by a doctor that I had a cold/flu, caused by a virus, and I left the hospital with a free disposable mask, and nothing else, BECAUSE THE DIAGNOSIS WAS 'A VIRAL COLD/FLU WHICH DOESN'T RESPOND TO ANTIBIOTICS? There was no mention or apparent consideration of the possibility that I might also have a secondary or underlying bacterial infection, as well as the viral cold/flu. I wasn't aware that YOU CAN ONLY HAVE ONE MEDICAL ISSUE AT A TIME. Pardon me? The doctor I saw didn't seem to think that my immune system might need some help fighting off the primary viral cold/flu, and since they didn't bother to consider the possibility of a secondary bacterial infection, I left with NO prescription for either antibiotics for a possible secondary problem, or antivirals to help my immune system fight off the primary diagnosed viral infection. This 'pat on the head, and stop wasting our time' attitude during diagnosis and treatment was very disappointing, coming from a CPSO medical professional. It was simply assumed that I had just one problem, a viral cold/flu, and sent me home with nothing except the comment 'if it lasts more than a week, seek further help'. I'm a XX year old male with CLL, and even knowing my age, and that my immune system is compromised by the leukemia, they just shuffled me through the process, and out the door. I have always been prescribed antibiotics for any URTI throughout my life, and they have always shortened the duration of the cold/flu/sinusitis/bronchitis. I was shocked that it seems that the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX members are now afraid to 'over prescribe' antibiotics and antivirals out of fear of creating drug resistant 'super bugs'? When did 'superbug-phobia' take precedence over writing a simple prescription for something to assist a person's natural immune system recover from a severe cold/flu? How will doctors even know if the patient has a 'drug resistant bug' if they never write them a prescription for antibiotics? It's very disappointing, and I won't use or recommend XXX ER to anyone. I have spoken to several neighbors and acquaintances about my experience at the XXX ER, and was somewhat surprised to learn that I'm not the only person in XXXXXXX County that has had this type of treatment experience. If my doctor's office had been open when my condition got as bad as it was, I probably wouldn't have gone to XXX ER at all. It was during the XXXX holidays, unfortunately, and I had no choice as I was feeling that bad, and wanted to get something for it. Again, I got nothing from XXX ER except a free disposable face mask.
My total time spent at the ER was 3 hours. I thought it was a reasonable wait time, as I was not in a critical condition. Doctors were very good at listening to me, and they preformed tests that I thought I needed. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and all employees did the very best they could for me. I have no complaints.
My visit to emerg was on a weekend when my drs office was closed and since it was during pandemic, walk in clinics were not available to the public. The emerg dept was the only medical facility available for any kind of treatment
My visit to ER was a terrible experience. The triage nurse was very rude, I ended up sitting in waiting room for 25 hrs with pain at 8-9. Ended up leaving and saw dentist & had emergency surgery immediately
My visit was because of severe back pain - unable to stand
My visit was comfortable & knowledgeable
My visit was during the Covid., I believe doctors and nurses were nervous. Lots of unknown at the time (The beginning of the Covid I should say)
My visit was efficient considering how busy it was. The doctor concluded I had a deep pulled muscle when in fact I had 3 dislocated ribs.
My visit was for a minor foot ailment which I was concerned might become serious if not addressed immediately. A visit to my family doctor could not be quickly facilitated otherwise I would have pursued that option
My visit was not serious or life threatening. Very simple infection on back
My wait & overnight stay in emergency was very long and I did not feel safe in the environment. The emerg dr did not take my advice or reach out to correct specialized dr to get quicker medication started which could of led to further medical emergencies I will be taking this matter further once strong enough to do so
My waiting time was 3 hrs, out patient, I was not on the patient list, only doctor XXXXXXX had me on his list Simple procedure, bladder inspection.
My week was spent in telemetry ward The staff was excellent. They were always pot on with my care I can't say enough about them. A heart felt endearment of praise to all that cared for me
My wife had the doctor communicate the details to her because I don't get the details Very impressed!
My wife has alzheimer's & remembers little (unreadable) I could not visit her during her stay in XXXXXXXXX
My wife was allowed in the surgical room. An attendant wheeled her in a wheelchair when they saw she couldn't do the distance. Everyone was very helpful.
My XXXXXXXXXXXX visit had to be rescheduled following my ~4 hr wait at the hospital due to other ongoing emergencies at the time which definitely had priority. I felt that all hospital staff including my surgeon handled this delay very well. My visit was rescheduled and completed XXXXXXXXXXXX and the basis on how I answered your survey questions. My thanks go out to a great team.
Need at least 2 patient phones and more rec time. Other than that it was a helpful stay because I don't feel in crisis anymore
Need better food
Need larger scrub pants People are not 1 size fits all
Need more family doctors
Need more handicap parking please
Need more nurses in this unit. They are always being pulled in many directions Helpers ie (each nurse have an able body to assist in tasks
Need more nurses please
Need more staff in the hospital to reduce wait times and get more people seen quicker.
Need someone in triage to determine severity of illness Flu & cold vs. major issue Not working smart
Need something done about the food
Need to improve food! Need to improve selection of food.
Needed to go to a Chinese doctor to get diagnosis for chest pain, at her clinic Pain was a side effect of radiation XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX did not know what pain was and I was released from emerg to go home!
Needs more money put into it Needs to say in (unreadable)
Needs to be a survey about calling 911 and dealing with ambulance drivers.
Never dissatisfied
Never offer anything to drink for 6hr I was here.
Never saw surgeon after procedure to hear of surgery went well. Didn't know the outcome until I saw surgeon one week later. I know they are extremely busy but may be a nurse could have told me
New born screening was missed and I had to go back for it - Little education provided on breastfeeding.
Nice + clean Very friendly Very caring Gentle Very understanding
Nice clean hospital well run
Nice hospital Nice staff + doctors Pleasant stay
Night nurses are amazing, wish some of the rooms in the maternity ward weren't so small. TV should be free!
Night staff wasn't too helpful (unreadable) bled sometimes if you had to go bathroom too much
No - emg dept need to be more sufficient. Don't seem organized
No - I was treated very well by all staff and my doctor Thank you. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XX years old
No - pleasant stay - friendly employees. Food - not the greatest yuck! Thank you
No - was a very pleasant stay. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
No All excellent thanks
No and I am glad for the help I received
No anesthesia
No ceiling lifts available to lift patient from wheelchair to hospital bed
No communication - left in the dark often
No complaints
No complaints Hard working employees Mrs XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXX XXXXXXX
No complaints loved my day nurse great humour both dr. & nurse very cooperative.
No complaints.
No don't think so!
No everything was excellent
No everything was fine
No everything was good XXXXXXXXX for XXXXXXXXXXX
No Everything's covered here
No explanations on why running what test for what then no explanation after or results reg tests, test outcomes, no ideas or help with continuing pain or if things provide if your dying, it's fine, if you are then, it's fine can't do anything about it. Is the attitude of surprisingly everyone there.
No female doctor or nurse on staff that day and my concern was in general area. This was the only reason why my visit was over 3 hours as they were trying to find a female staff to assist.
No further comments
No happy
No I was treated very well at both XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
No improvement that I can think of at the present time
No info given to me or husband after surgery on how it went. Surgeon did not speak with us after
No It was all a good experience
No it was all good! XXXXXXXXXXXX
No it was fine.
No It was good!
No limit as to # of visitors for each patient - No set time for visiting hours - Lack of peace & quiet from 9 PM to 1 AM - Lack of noise control - One very rude nurse
No more survey
No notice prior to transfer. Too many physios cancelled due family meetings. TVs should not be allowed without headphones!!! No smoking rules not enforced.
No one listened to me! Just brushed me off so I still have the problem.
No one told me I was OK to leave. They gave me my prescription and walked out. It would be good to make sure people know they can go. Thank you for the great care. Stay safe.
No one wanted to be in hospital Staff is pleasant as possible
No other emergency department in our city to recommend. My answers reflect the fact I was very lucky to go to emerg when it wasn't busy. I would have liked more time with the doctor.
No other person could have taken better care of me My nurses, XXXXX, XXXX + XXXXX were the best anyone could have had
No overall very satisfied Why question 51??
No person should have to wait in Er 26 hrs before I was admitted for 6 day stay!!
No problem at all.
No problems
No problems treated well and efficiently ... pleasant staff.
No problems.
No questions were asked about wait time in emerg. I was suffering in a lot of pain + had to wait way to long in emerg before seeing a doctor Very disgusting!!!
No quiet place to meet with family or read a book Activities after 3 pm Bathrooms could be cleaner. Additional blood pressure checks/blood tests
No second survey done
No thank you
No thank you.
No thanks
No thanks
No thanks
No thanks other than the reason I went to the ED was for abdominal pain The source of the problem was not determined.
No Was great
No You are doing great in a very challenging time Thank you!!
No! Thank you!
No, but thank you!
No, everything was fine.
No, everything was well and I am very happy with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
No, had a good experience. Thanks
No, overall a good experience. I waited a little long to see a dr. but other than that it was good
No. And no more surveys please. XXXXXXXXXXXX
No. Thank you.
Nobody ever smiles in the ER dept It would make people less stressed if they did.
None of the meds (Fentanyl, gas or epidural) worked, but not for lack of trying. My body didn't take to any. Felt like there were too many interruptions during nighttime baby wanted to sleep & was perfectly healthy. We just wanted to let her sleep. Thanks!
Nope Very satisfied
Normally around XXXXXXXXX I would donate money to the hospitals in the area Because of this stay and seeing + experiencing the waste + lack of personal care, I sent the money to the Missions and will continue to do so until changes are made 3 showers in 12 days???
Normally long wait periods very unusual lucky day!!! Staff there completely agreed, I did ask them!
Not a bad experience overall well treated
Not about my hospital stay but about the MRI I received one month prior to my knee surgery. The technician was having difficulty closing the securing unit over my knee so she put all of her weight on the unit with her feet in the air to close it down and at the same time asking me to shimmy down my knee further This was my crushing my knee and I was barely able to walk after and lost one months work "5 weeks" to be exact due too pain and swelling.
Not at all! Although my injury was due to self - IDU ... The drs were 100% professional, and didn't stereotype me!
Not at this time!
Not at this time.
Not at time!
Not enough doctors. Barely anybody in there and had to wait several hours. Most of the volunteers and nurses are nice but ridiculously understaffed for how much money in taxes we pay as Canadians. I have lived in XXXXXXX 26 of XX years and XXXXXXX healthcare is the worst in Canada. Doesn't even compare to XXXXXXX
Not enough hands on by doctor, no examinations or body test, said blood test, EKG, all were ok
Not enough info re personal cleanliness. Had to ask to shower or have a bed bath bag.
Not enough information at leaving the hospital regarding my appointments or referrals. Discharge was good until we got home no phone call to see how we were making out or when calls would come for appt & referrals
Not enough nurses need more help. Paper work takes too long to be released 2 1/2 hrs.
Not enough nurses to provide excellent care. Government needs to increase health care financially. Too much D-(unreadable). Why? Not careful enough. Sharing pressure machine with (unreadable) patients. Should have their own to avoid contamination. Was give a pill nurse said was Tylenol 500 but I know it wasn't. When asked to check - it was charted as such. However I know it was not Tylenol 500. However I liked the pill. Slept well. But that's not the point. Could have been dangerous. Nurses too over worked. We need better health care.
Not enough nurses Too many patients to nurse ratio on both floors I was on
Not enough nurses with full amount of patients to care for at times
Not enough staff to help stroke patients go to bathroom. I wet my diaper + pants several times a week. Very embarrassing + a mess for my wife taking urine smelling clothes home + wash. I could only see her once a week but there was a Covid-19 problem Noise in halls because excited? nurses talking at nurses stations right outside of my room.
Not enough staff!
Not enough transitional help after 2 month hospital stay I told everyone who my diabetic caretaker was - he was not notified of my admission for one month.
Not for day surgery but for over night surgery. It would be nice to choose your own food. I was very hungry and would like to be asked if another option is available. Nothing crazy but 2 options would be nice not random things
Not happy with the food; found it to not be very good at all. Every other aspect of my hospital stay was satisfactory - only the food was disappointing.
Not happy with XXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXX. Went by ambulance day before & was sent home. Had to call ambulance again next morning & was taken to XXXXXX. Nurse in XXXXXX did not listen when told one medication I was previously on was being given at wrong dosage.
Not impressed with someone brining the puppy in the ER
Not notified of my appt in XXXXXX (unreadable) appt - had to be rebooked PSWs needed the elderly lady (unreadable) could have had more (unreadable) bathing, (unreadable) cartons @ meal time Walking never out of bed These are (unreadable) @ PSW could do
Not now.
Not really, everything went as well as it could have. Note re survey questions 20-21-22-23 are the same as 16-17-18-19 / Don't need the repeats.
Not required This hospital stay was excellent in all areas XXXXXXXXXX
Not so much the emergency room visit - besides the guy the triage nurse guy in ER on the phone with his angry wife talking about their mtg when we were sitting right there as he was checking my son's vitals & then ignored us because on the phone - but have a very BIG problem about how we were treated in ambulatory care! My son broke his wrist XXXXXXXX in XXXXXXX we did not know it was broken because he seemed fine - just a little sore drove home immediately & called our doctor on the XXXXXXXXXXX we were passing through asked what to do, they said they ahd just called and set us up with an appt @ ambulatory care for an x-ray so we didn't have to go into the ER I dropped the rest of the family off at home in XXXXXXXX and drove all the way back into XXXXXX immediately, for our appointment stopped at the doctors 1st to get slip to go to ambulatory care got to front of hospital where they made us gown up & put on masks with shields & gloves We fully understood why - as we did not really want to be in the hospital at this time either! We were sent down to ambulatory care and spoke with the gentleman at the 1st registration desk (XXXX maybe?) asked us ALL the normal questions ALONG with the Covid questions we were fine & normal, but did just get back home that day. He told us they would see us right away as we were the 1st in there. He told us to have a seat in their waiting room My X year old son & I did sat in a corner by ourselves as we did not want to be near anyone else who came in that could have something. (nor did we want to potentially give anything) As we waited there, a team member came in (XXXXXXXXXXX) and passed by us & looked. She stopped and asked "oh those are fancy masks, where did you get those? I replied "at the front door when we came in" she said - "oh, you have an appointment?", I said "yes" She walked away and came right back and angrily said "were you traveling?" I replied yes well then all hell broke loose as she started yelling for us to "get out of there", and "who let you in here" ... "get the hell out of here right now, you can't be in here" Then started yelling down to XXXX asking why we were in there There was an older man who was sitting adjacent to us who said to me, "it's OK honey, I have never seen anyone get kicked out of a hospital before" and kind of chuckled I was so embarrassed, as she had created quite a scene and my son was now scared, tearing up, and hiding behind my back! At this point all in the waiting room were looking at us like we were sick - instead of just being in there for a cast! I was absolutely appalled. What kind of team member do you have working for you? I thought this was a great place to work when I was doing my co-op there, and wanted nothing more than to get a job there. And yet here is somebody who can just treat a patient like that?! I thought the XXXXXX hospital stood for more than that! I didn't know where to send a letter in, but if you would like to contact me - please feel free to do so XXXXX - XXXXXXXXXXXX
Not sure if Covid protocols affected my service, but there was no waiting, the registration process was extremely well organized, did not feel rushed yet there was definitely no idle time. Great experience and super care. Thanks.
Not very friendly
Note : Question 45 - not really applicable as I did not have any options given how quick my labour & delivery was therefore, question 46, I had no pain control (natural, no intervention delivery) This is my third delivery (& third hospital) with my previous labour/deliveries I wore my own bra & shirt nurses insisted I be gowned this time which I did not like/appreciate you should give women more freedom to choose what they want to wear.
Nothing about the day surgery clinic. However, overall it took me around 2-3 months to see a specialist. During this time, I was wrongly treated by GPs either in walk-in clinics or at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. If I had quick access to the specialist, my case wouldn't have that far including both physical and psychological pain
Nothing but he best, I very much appreciate our health teams and grateful to have them
Nothing else
Nothing to add at this time.
Noticed a certain level of friction and/or animosity between nurses and midwives.
Nsg staff & PT Physio staff did not communicate w/each other Nurses said it was ok to walk about but PT gave me heck for walking unassisted & was very forceful brining me back to my room was not very kind I LEFT HOSPITAL
Nurse attempting to insert the IV did not appear to have sufficient experience (this was on the floor) patient was sent home without having a bowel movement. First day at home was very problematic and situation solved with the help of spouse (retired RN) and local pharmacist
Nurse brought myself and another patient to the beds to await Dr. for some reason nurse treated other patient different than myself (ie. helped them adjust bed, lighting, blankets, etc) they then pointed to a darkened bed area "you go there" myself - not easiest to do when in pain. Definitely some nurses much more sensitive & helpful than others. While some happy to help comfort you. Others made it known that I was bothering them & made me feel I was asking silly questions (ie in ER but asked to have H20/ food? not a silly question). Dr. I had was great. Other drs I've had in past made me want to go to another ER.
Nurse check ins to see how you're doing more times a day could be done.
Nurse that night does not know how to smile. Good apartment though.
Nurse told me he really wished I hadn't taken Tylenol...but that's when I told him I had been in the waiting room for 9 hours with a broken leg!!
Nurse XXXXXX was absolutely unbelievably amazing, and made my whole experience better than I could of imagined.
Nurse XXXXXX was amazing help with breastfeeding, she is the only one who I could understand on the proper technique of doing it. Overall I had a great stay at the hospital. Upon leaving though, I called one of the nurses into my room to help secure my son in his car seat. I had no idea how to do this, and was treated badly by the nurse who helped me (she was a young pretty blonde). She 'we usually tell people to practice this at home' and was very rude and reluctant to help me. Like how do I practice this at home without a baby- by using a sack of potatoes?? And isn't it a good thing I want help knowing the proper way to secure my son in a car seat? Other than that, I'm very grateful for the help I received during my stay and was treated well by most of the nurses. And so was my son, which is what's most important to me. There was one nurse who would make him cry every time she checked his temperature, though, and this never happened when any of the other nurses did it. She seemed to have a grudge against me for no apparent reason and took it out on my son. She also picked him up without supporting his head or neck and I was horrified. This woman was also a young blonde. All the other nurses were great with him
Nurse XXXXXX was amazing!! She was an absolute dream to have as my nurse during my stay. Need more nurses like her!
Nurse XXXXXXX was very nice and very professional Nurse XXXXXXXX on the other hand was rude and would not let me, in my condition, stay on the bed to text someone to come get me She DEMANDED I leave immediately nasty! Feel free to call me regarding this
Nurse XXXXXXXX in Palliative medicine was amazing, caring, knowledgeable. Dr. XXXXXXXX was very caring and compassionate.
Nurse XXXXXXXXX from the emerg dept went above and beyond for us to help our son get the care he needed as quickly as possible
Nurse XXXXXXXXXXXX was an absolute lady when she attended to my health care Dr. XXXXXXXXXX was very concerned about my health
Nurses - Mrs. XXXXXXXX XXXX & XXXXX were certainly a tribute to their profession Wonderful people Hospital stay was made so much better with these people
Nurses - stroke ward A+
Nurses & doctor very knowledgeable, efficient & professional. They took good care of me Many thanks
Nurses & doctors attending were very helpful.
Nurses & doctors were amazing. Great experience for my first delivery!
Nurses & PSWs, OT & PT. Excellent!!!
Nurses and doctors are all great at the maternal and infant section. they are all helpful and caring. I thank every single nurse there for their great care that they have provided to my new born the social worker at the blue water health is absolutely a waist of money ! No experience and no help as a Canadian tax payer i feel that my taxes are being BURNED !
Nurses and staff were extremely friendly. Everything they were doing was explained. They all introduced themselves. It was a very safe and comforting environment.
Nurses and staff were very efficient. Also, the physiotherapists were wonderful! I was there on XXXXXXXXX and my grandson (X years old) came to visit dressed as a dinosaur. He brightened everyone's evening. Thanks for allowing him to visit!
Nurses are great, get me everything I needed.
Nurses are overworked They are run ragged a lot of the time. Having said that they were excellent.
Nurses are run off their feet
Nurses are the cornerstone of health care. They are not highly valued enough and should have the ability to perform small procedure, such as an enema, to relieve patient pain, without waiting for a hard to reach doctor to approve. They also work as advocates for patients
Nurses did great job
Nurses doctors and physio people all excellent
Nurses doing "IV" would of been more understandable I ended up black + blue + needed ice pack to get swelling down, made me feel like it was my fault + it was not Always have problems with IV needles.
Nurses in the recovery area went out of their way to make me comfortable
Nurses seemed understaffed + left us on our own the majority of the time. Pain med options were not well explained. With my first my staples were removed in L + D but this time I had to bring a newborn for a long wait in ambulatory care - I hated this experience.
Nurses the best I can say.
Nurses took too long to answer call bell. Re. Bathroom. Didn't seem to care.
Nurses were amazing! Very caring & never rushed you, although they were busy.
Nurses were caring and considerate and informative.
Nurses were excellent. Dr. rushed in and out without all to much explanation or care disappointed mostly about this.
Nurses were excellent. Very busy the whole time I was there. They checked on me while I waited for tests but were clearly overworked. More staffing would be nice.
Nurses were friendly, honest, & helpful
Nurses were great!
Nurses were incredible and doctors were so knowledgeable
Nurses were noisy at the desk at night - refused to shut my door
Nurses were rude and not friendly only had one nice nurse.
Nurses were very friendly and went out of their way to make me feel comfortable. Very long wait times - whenever I go to the hospital, which isn't often, I expect to wait at least 5 hours.
Nurses were very good! Physio personnel were very good!
Nurses were very kind and helpful
Nurses were wonderful Lovely staff Food was good
Nurses were wonderful! Over 12 days I seldom saw the same nurse twice! That must be challenging for the nurses, but they were great.
Nursing care was awesome!
Nursing care was exceptional considering they have to use outdated equipment. Staff was very busy and yet spent the time needed to care for me and for the most part arrived and left with a smile and a word of encouragement. In closing, I feel that the hospital is top heavy and if they treated staff as well as staff treat the patients, you would have a great organization. Thank You
Nursing staff always busy need to hire more nurses Rooms that are wards are not good I got very little sleep
Nursing staff and doctors made all experience quite comfortable. We were (unreadable) by how helpful everyone was and how kind they were.
Nursing staff cleaning staff were excellent, courteous, friendly, helpful and concerned about my care. One doctor wanted to discharge before I was ready ; charge nurse was instrumental in extending my stay.
Nursing staff was exceptional Fantastic facility
Nursing staff were very kind. Told you about your medication + why you needed to take it. Nursing staff asked how you were doing + your mood every day.
Of the 3 hospitals I was in - XXX was the best
Old beds and mattress are very very uncomfortable couldn't sleep much
Older gentleman at nurse's station not very receptive.
Older nurse was a butcher when taken blood so I told her no more and to get out and not to return ever
On discharge day I was not asked by nurse my name and birth date before she gave my medications She had someone else's chart I had to point out to her that I was not allergic to a med she mentioned!
On every occasion I've had to use it. It has been excellent. No issues!
On my last day I asked the nurse assigned to me if she would fix my bed as it was partially raised and I was told not to raise my left arm above my shoulder I was lying on my back and could not reach the control buttons she turned around and told me to do it MYSELF if I could have I wouldn't have ask her.
On numerous occasions in the past years, for my children or myself I've been VERY disappointed in the ER Drs. In my opinion they have all been rude, made us wait long periods (even when no other patients were in the ER), and treated poorly. The nurses and volunteer staff have always been great.
On occasion I have had to go to emergency after darkness has come. Payment of parking fees had to be made outside in a darkened area. This can be frightening and unnerving especially for females. Payment for parking should be done inside in a well-lighted area.
On the day of my visit, the dept. was extremely busy, resulting in the long waits I & other patients had to endure
On the last morning of my hospital stay, a young doctor came in + said I was free to go home so "Hurry up + leave." When I got home I found out that the hospital needles were still in my arm. I returned to the hospital + they were removed after a 6 hour wait!
On this visit I took my X yr old in for an allergic reaction. The hospital was clearly under staffed but they tried their best. I feel like waiting 4 hours with a X yr old having and allergic reaction to a vaccination, without being seen by a dr, is a little much.
On XXXXXXXXXXX I visited both XXX + XXXXXX for a CAT scan and was treated like I was their only patient and very professionally especially XXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
Once diagnosed in Emerg the treatment started immediately which put me and my wife @ ease. Most staff are super caregivers + caring well for their patience PS HealthCare System needs more spending dollars for beds and staff beds need to be increased people are waiting a long period of time for them Unnecessary!! Should be funded more than usual!!
Once doctors found out marijuana may be the cause of my sickness. I was treated with a lot of disrespect and ignorance, like the doctors didn't care
One complaint As I went to emerge to get help with pain and heartburn and severe constipation, part of my initiation I was put in a public single washroom and given a box with an enema and told to follow instructions on box As I felt so bad I read instructions - 3 methods all while laying on floor I had trouble bending getting down and reaching area and floor did not look the cleanest All of this during Covid but I was sick and wanted better so I did my best but now I feel I should have complained This was after I had previous surgery just 4 weeks prior which had not been recovered from
One complaint only - during the time I was in 1st waiting area (bed) no one kept me updated to time before I would move on Q22 - no privacy exists with certain separation in regards to conversation (I did not require privacy however)
One dr brought in another dr. Both agreed on my problem!
One dr on call in Emerg. Dept we waited 2 - 3 hrs before dr saw my infant daughter, who was in noticeable pain (crying) in the middle of the night (XXXXXXX)
One hospital is the best of any other I have been in we are privileged to have this in our community
One member of the nursing staff treated the patient with a condescending attitude and a degree of impatience. (male nurse). Other than that the care was excellent.
One nurse did not know how to put in an IV in my hand She was putting in my wrist and I am sure she was hitting a bone I screamed from pain then a male nurse came and showed her no more pain I screamed so loud that is why every person in the hospital heard me I bet
One nurse, (I didn't get her name) tried to shame me when I asked for a warm blanket - telling me there were others who needed & I should share, then addressed me as "honey" I a XX yrs. old & not her honey
One nurse, very rude. My roommate kept setting off her monitor constantly. I was going to leave because I could get no sleep. Her response "That is just the way it is." I asked for a sleeping pill. The other nurses were proactive in trying to prevent it from going off apparently (my roommate), she kept moving her arm.
One of my nurses put me on a four hour wait, to go to the bathroom This was extremely embarrassing to me. I felt like a child because I needed help getting to the bathroom
One of the best day surgery experiences! All staff were exceptional, caring & warm!
Only 1 issue with our stay was the power outage that lasted 24 hrs. Not hot water. No TV, toilet stopped working Had to move rooms at midnight.
Only about 9 people waiting yet still had to wait 4 -5 hours to get in. A man told me that his wife had stroke while waiting - 6 hours.
Only about survey Why is it needed. I forgot most ? Also my sex, education etc Also you must have all that info as you know who I am as you resent this survey. You knew I did not fill in first one.
Only bad experience was discharge.
Only complaint - mattress only about 1 inch/1 1/2 inch thick hips very sore when left due to such thin mattress.
Only complaint is I waited 3 and a half hrs in the waiting area. My info was taken right at shift change and I was skipped over until a volunteer had to let a worker know.
Only complaint is semi-private room - bathroom shared by 4 people two rooms busy sign on when not occupied, loft dirty, had to close both doors for privacy, using walker very difficult. Curtain between beds inadequate for privacy and allowed too much light from TV making like a strobe, plus night light.
Only complaint with my stay at XXXXXXXXXX was the (unreadable) told (unreadable) the inventor or whoever made them, should have been shot at sunrise
Only concerns are about confidentiality.
Only issue was while waiting several hours, another patient was listening to a religious podcast. He was asked once to turn it down I had a bad headache and it was annoying. I had to ask someone to ask him again to turn it down. I feel he should have had headphones or asked to turn it off.
Only negative thing to say is trying to set up my pre-labour admittance was terrible. All the nurses that picked up the phone and in person were not kind and did no help Only one in that department that went out of her way to not rush me through and properly answer questions, be kind and understanding to a first time mom was XXXXX.
Only negative was Dr. XXXXX. He made me feel ridiculous because I didn't realize my ankle was broken not sprained He did excellent work though
Only one nurse out of the 6 or 7 who cared for me was not very friendly, which brought my overall rating down. She was the one who did a blood draw in the early morning. She was not too friendly and seemed in a hurry and must have torn the blood vessel. Within an hour later, my arm was swollen from my finger tips to midway between elbow and shoulder. Two-thirds of my arm turned purple. With one exception, the nurses were friendly and helpful.
Only problem was having to spend too much time in the ER waiting for a hospital bed.
Only problem was with the pre-adm appt was for 8 AM - arrived about 15 min earlier - did not see a nurse till 1:00 AM watched several people be taken care of who came much later - explanation was the dept was 1 person short - don't know why I couldn't have been worked in somehow cause when finally seen only took 10 min!
Only real complaint would be the waiting time more than 2 hr.
Only that it was disappointing that 1 family member could not visit me during COVID
Only that my surgery was cancelled at last minute, was just waiting to go to OR, but staff was very good about it.
Only there for gout pain
Only used emergency dept because my doctor was a patient in the hospital!!
Open up the terrace (fresh air, smokers)
Other than being left alone in cubicle with no direction for 20 minutes my experience was good
Other than I had to ask for pain shot before I left the experience was good
Other than two exceptions, the nurses I encountered treated me with courtesy and respect.
Other than wait time, excellent.
Other than, by with another resident who was in a lot of pain crying, not letting others to relax and very poor and bad food. The other thing was good. But I really suffered of another (unreadable) noisy during my two nights over there.
Other then being overly busy the care was good
Other then the long wait maybe get a different room for the police bring ins sucks when I have a crazy meth head in cuffs sitting next to my X year old.
Other then the long wait times it was an overall good experience.
Other visits to ER 2+ years ago, not so good. Thank you for the change.
Other visits with friends or family I am always appalled at wait times for sick babies/children There is a fast set up area for drug addicts Why not for suffering children?
OUr baby was born early via c section due to baby health concerns Dr. XXXXXXX was quite rude nd short with us which was not appreciated Nurses/midwives were so great!!
Our emergency department visit was very disappointing. My XXX year old was brought into the ER by ambulance due to a seizure where he stopped breathing for the first time. He has a rare form of epilepsy that is only present in 2% of people with epilepsy. The doctor was unaware of what it was. I informed them of what it was. While I was talking she seemed to have little to no interest in what was being said. She said she would call the neurologist on call in XXXXXX. Which I could have done myself instead of calling an ambulance. The next time I saw her I brought up that his oxygen levels would drop anywhere from 80-90% when my child's eyes would flutter. She said that's okay I have already spoken with the neurologist on call and will be discharging your child. She gave us a medication dosage change to start immediately. We had an appointment with our pediatric neurologist that was already booked before this incident a few days later. The pediatric neurologist on call in XXXXXX was never informed about his oxygen levels dropping. My neurologist was very upset with our hospital visit as my child should have been kept and placed on oxygen until these eye flutters were controlled. Next time we will be asking for a transfer to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX as this was very unacceptable.
Our emergency dept. needs to be upgraded 1) Takes too long to get in to see a dr. 2) Needs to be separated so those with coughs & sickness are separated from cancer & heart patients.
Our hospital is the "Best of the Best."
Our nurse XXXX went above and beyond to help us. We were incredibly impressed with her.
Our nurse XXXXX was amazing to us. She is one of the most memorable and best experiences we had while at XXX. She went above & beyond for us - was kind, supportive and always helpful She never left us except for breaks & clocked in next day. I am forever grateful to have had her during our labour experience. A treasure employee.
Our nurses are excellent but overworked We need more nurses They work to many hours
Out of all the hospitals I have had to go to - XXXXXXXXX in XXXXXX is a shining star - the facility and staff were the best.
Outside of hospital grounds are not completely wheelchair accessible. No smoking policy on hospital grounds is not enforced at all. Hospital staff should have visible "first name" tags on them with job title eg PSW, RN, RPN, Dietary etc.
Outside of the length of wait it was amazing!
Outstanding care!
Overall - Positive experience Great professionalism from nursing, midwife staff
Overall - very good care
Overall a good experience with a good outcome.
Overall a good experience, even though I spent XXXXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXX in hospital it took a long time to get a bed but nurses were great!!
Overall a great experience.
Overall a positive experience Nurses and Dr XXXXXXXX worked well as a team and were very professional Would have liked to see nurses better trained in breastfeeding and access to a lactation consultant in hospital Nurses very focused on treatment for jaundice and weight loss creates fear for mother
Overall a very good experience. They all took good care of me!
Overall a very positive experience Everyone went out of their way to make this procedure as comfortable as possible
Overall everything went well. Also would prefer not to do anymore surveys thank you
Overall excellent care & experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (XXXXXX) but I only saw the dr once (in 12 days) before I was discharged.
Overall excellent staff. Dr. XXXXXXXX was awesome.
Overall excellent thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Overall experience was good My father went to palliative care and did pass 2 days later - he had cancer Palliative staff excellent!!
Overall experience was very good
Overall good experience
Overall good experience considering it was early in quarantine. Was not happy with anesthesiologist...made a derogatory comment about my tattoos and finding a vein. Other than that...a good experience at the beginning of an unknown way COVID was going. Great job.
Overall good experience, but concerned to me last time this injury happened it took much longer to get care which was difficult Everyone treated me kindly (unreadable) and when I received care it was appreciated, competent, thorough + respectful
Overall great experience
Overall great experience!
Overall great place to go it needed for medical reasons.
Overall had a very good experience @ XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX pre admit I think name was Dr. XXXXXXX - best anesthesiologist to listen & act like he cared & believed me & passed on information to next anesthesia who was good as well
Overall it was a good experience although I felt like I never saw a nurse unless it was shift change and my voice was not heard, felt like they were very understaffed for a maternity ward.
Overall it was a good experience, very helpful after major surgery. I would highly recommend XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Overall it was a good experience. Thank you
Overall it was an excellent hospital stay even with Covid restrictions. We left early as we were under midwifery care. And so we missed out on some extra education/information We were re-admitted 3 days post d/c as she had jaundice.
Overall it was good. Wait time could be improved upon.
Overall my experience at XXXXXXXXX was very satisfactory. However I felt the food was very disappointing. It was not hot and tasteless. Perhaps if it was prepared on site it would be better.
Overall my hospital stay was a very good experience I am thankful to have a very good hospital in my backyard Grateful for experienced capable and caring staff
Overall my hospital stay was successful in getting me well again and home.
Overall my stay was comfortable.
Overall my stay was quite pleasant staff were above reproach. They were kind, helpful, went out of their way to make things comfortable. I think, under the circumstances, the staff does an amazing job and I highly praise them.
Overall staff was very respectful and caring
Overall the hospital stay was great, three doctors all worked together in my care. The nurses were wonderful, both my family and I have the most respect for L&D & maternal infant teams.
Overall the nurses were excellent
Overall they took great care of me I was referred to a dr who could help my ailment at a higher level than could be @ XXX
Overall very happy with care I received.
Overall very pleased with both of my experiences 2 day surgeries - two weeks apart
Overall visit to emergency dept has been a reasonable but there have been times when you wait 3 hours is a bit long
Overall visit was good so far. All dr & nurses were very polite. Do not with to do anymore surveys. Thanks.
Overall visit was good, doctor didn't explain much about my injury or refer me to where I could get help. He seemed busy though.
Overall went very well. Surgical team was great! Dr. XXXXXXXXX is my hero
Overall, a very positive experience. No (unreadable) of health care experience in the XXXXXXXXXXXXXX area. Staff highly efficient, disciplined and caring.
Overall, an experience in a caring atmosphere.
Overall, and by compassion to other visits, this was one of the better experiences. The ER was not busy at all when I arrived and I felt I was taken care of. My concern was relatively minor, by comparison, and the receptionist/triage nurse was fantastic. The doctor and nurse were not as great. Doctor was rather condescending and quick to dismiss/discharge, but provided me with the antibiotics I knew I needed.
Overall, I had great care during my hospital stay. Nurses were kind and very competent.
Overall, I was pleased with the care I received at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Overall, I was very disappointed with some nurses. I had to deal with - some are plain liars. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX.
Overall, my visit to day surgery was as pleasant as a cystoscopy could possibly be and the staff were very professional & pleasant.
Overall, our experience was reasonable considering presented symptoms appeared stable by end of visit. Would of loved to have the Xray imaging department open later for this purpose
Overall, the hospital stay was good. The nurses and support staff were all friendly. However, as a first time mom I felt completely overwhelmed and under prepared when we left the hospital. The nurses were typically good at answering my questions, but I also didn't really know what questions to ask. I noticed that if I didn't ask questions, there was no education/information offered. The discharge sheet on which I had to check off what I wanted to know about was not helpful at all. Everything I checked off on the sheet was gone through in about 10 minutes which left me feeling overwhelmed and frustrated. Although everyone was helpful, I felt that everything they did was likely part of a checklist that they had for each patient. Everything seemed calculated, as if it were all about getting the paperwork done and "checking off the boxes". It would have been incredibly useful for someone to just check in with us when we arrived and simply ask what our experience and comfort level is with babies. At that point the care and patient education could have been tailored to our individual need. Giving birth is an incredibly overwhelming and exhausting experience, and I found it difficult to direct my own care.
Overall. -Very good care -Excellent stay -Very good, helpful staff.
P.T. does NOT return calls, nor do they answer when I've called! Still waiting for a return call from P.T.!
Pain was only managed by my night nurse. Day nurses ignored my room. I was recovering form an emergency c-section & none of them cared to stay on top of my meds. Disorganized - during day shift I rarely even knew who my nurse was because every time I rang I got someone new nobody really knew what was going on. Staff was more concerned with training then my care Only received 2 meals a day Room was filthy with dust Numerous staff entered my room with my two newborn infants inside with NO masks while leaving the hospital we saw even more staff with no masks COVID19?? My husband was educated an infant care while I was sill out from general, but in the 3 days I was there nobody educated me. Just before surgery, I was panicking & crying and nobody help my hand or released me. I was terrified and felt very alone. I had leaked in my sweatpants blood because I requested more pads which came 5+ hours later Discharge day - no medicine administered in the 6 hours before discharge, but was given the medication list to keep up with an my own information & questionnaires I was supposed to be given while in labor I didn't receive until discharge day. I was not even 72 hours post op, when I was discharged without my nurse bringing me a wheelchair. Waited 45 mins to leave waiting for the wheelchair
Pants in day surgery are always to small
Paramedics + hospital staff very good. Biggest complaint was wait time 5+ hours. During that time - no staff checked on me.
Paramedics were very professional
Parking is a nightmare, machines do not function properly - even charges seems (unreadable) is applied to parking & filing out forms than this patients hospital. Proper sized (unreadable) have been nice
Parking machine that gives the tickets to display on the dashboard note poorly lit and difficult to use in nighttime & instructions are faded & change is not always avail at the change machine.
Patient born with Down's Syndrome & dementia started @ age 53 Please note POA (father) filled in questionnaire. XXXXXXXXXXXX
Patient parking lot was confusing. Meters for street parking did not work
Patient privacy/visitor policy could be improved We specifically requested no visitors both during pre-admit + @ time of arrival at hospital + still received unannounced (and unwanted) visitors We had told family not to visit but expected some would not respect wishes + hoped to enforce or wishes through hospital privacy
Patient to patient care is one of the only ways to get better which is pitiful. Told there is no God which stresses me out.
Patients beds seemed to be moved frequently from one room to another.
Patients should be offered a glass of water if they are there for more than 2 hrs. Or at least have access to bottle water, while waiting for test results.
Patients with incontinence and dementia still want to use the washroom Nurses need to take this into account and offer assistance Patient may not be able to ask due to condition
Patients XX & over need to know about the Red Cross. The services they provided.
People are not cattle whether sick, hurt, and/or drug dependent prescribed or not My dad died with you and earlier detection of cancer might have saved his life. A better attitude would have helped
People there need more time to be allocated for a patient.
People wait too long! Mother with 3 children 2 - under X year old (twins) crying, fussing, screaming while waiting. Upsets everyone ridiculous.
People were great was misdiagnosed as a scratched eye. Had to go to a specialist to see more. Turns out I had pink eye. Good thing I didn't take the pills I was prescribed specialist cost $140 to find out I have a common eye issue. Other than that it was great.
Perhaps have nurse wait to go over discharge information with mother (and not minutes post birth). Exhausted and difficult to actively listen. XXXXXX & XXXXX went above and beyond, absolutely incredible nurses!
Perhaps, if less time was spent behind a computer screen, more time could be spent caring for and talking to the people who need the nurses support
Personal and caring
Personally I think they need more nurses so that the patients can be served better + more efficient
Pharmacy personnel person I am dealing with is helping me out big time. Just wanted to give them props for the job they are doing and helping me with everything.
Physician and staff were excellent!
Physician was very professional and helpful.
Physiotherapy was lacking during early stages of hospital stay because of lack of staff.
Please - no one likes having to use a bed pan - do not force them to use a commode (unreadable)
Please advise patient (me) if any doctor is on duty who is able to treat you. Estimate how long it will take to get care. Is it really necessary for patient to wait at hospital while waiting on blood or urine results?
Please apply my answers to XXXXXXXX only. We avoid the XXXXXXXXXXXX.
Please fix your sexual orientation question because it did not include the Straight orientation.
Please note questions were answered by my caregiver (wife) because I have dementia
Please note, this experience occurred XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Hospital in XXXXXXXX otherwise results may be skewed.
Please refrain from changing appointment times.
Please share with other hospitals your knowledge of getting patients in and out (treated) in the appropriate length of time Good job.
Please try and work on wait time.
Pleased!
Politeness & humor of doctors & nurses, keep up the great bedside manners. Love.
Poor hygiene. Bed was not made or sheets changed in 4 days. No clean gown in 4 days. No towels or face cloth in room had to ask.
Poor parking Long waits
Positive experience other than noisy night
Possibly more doctors to eliminate the bulk of the waiting time
Post natal rooms really need some work walls all scraped up kind of 'ghetto' looking
Pre op - I didn't know I would be at the hospital for almost 3 hrs. My husband was waiting outside in the car. Advanced notice of length of time from Pre op clerk would be great. Realizing some assessments take longer than others. A ball park time would be helpful.
Pre-op visit - for tests before difficult to find different rooms - eg. X-ray, covid test, ect because hallways & rooms are confusing. Staff tell you where to go, but if busy the directions are quick & hard to understand.
Prepaid parking is not ideal, since it is not known how long it will take to resolve the issues. I've experienced running back & forth to feed the (monster!) meter.
Prior to admission I was misdiagnosed @ ER + sent home - influenza. 72 hrs later + called EMS I had a strangulated bowel + was septic, renal fracture, (unreadable) near death. My ER visit was horrific. Ignored by nurses although I was often only patient, refused request to lie down on one of many available beds. I sat in a chair for 6+ hours in excruciating pain. This lack of care almost killed me - literally. My questionnaire answers reflect my experience once admitted for life saving emergency surgery. I spent 2 days in ICU + 3 days on medical floor.
Probably needed more (info/help) regarding DSG changes (unreadable) the location of the surgery was not conducive to self care I called for more info (back to surgical ward via phone) was satisfied with instructions (also reassured) got RN friend to help me with dressing changes thank you!
Procedure could have been explained better to me - I did not expect the level of discomfort that I had
Provide one on one assistance with breast feeding and learning how to latch baby properly. I ended up with injury to my nipples from latching the baby wrong which prevented my baby from feeding properly. I ended up seeing the lactation RN at the public health unit and received help.
PSW very helpful pass it on to your staff
PT excellent!
Q#7 Doctors explained things or asked permission for procedures to or from my sister, who is my POA #22 Only hospital in XXXXXX! If you have to be in a hospital, it is the best one #37 I have a wonderful pharmacist who makes up blister packs
Q45 - Due to Covid 19. The staff were my angels. Q16 & Q17 I was given medications while in induced coma.
Quality of care decreased the longer I was in the hospital - attentive at beginning of stay but not at attentive towards end - Staffing issue - not enough staff to fulfill all roles/requirements in a timely manner ie late vital and temp checks
Quarantine was enforced 24/7 - due to covid 19
Question #29. All answers direct you to question #30? Where else would you go? Thanks
Questions 26 through 34 - I am unable to respond as I was transferred to another ICU in XXXXXXX for continued treatment. I completed a similar questionnaire from this facility.
Questions 37-41 Unable to answer Pt is terminal - Send home with palliative care. Rest of questions answered by wife.
Questions 42-60 did not apply to me as I was transferred to XXXXXX for childbirth. I will be forever grateful for the care I received on my short stay on maternity. They transferred me quickly to XXXXXX so I could receive the care I needed at that time.
Quick + kind!!
Quick service!
Quick service, good doctor + provided ambulance arrived quickly.
Quick, efficient, clean Let me see myself on monitor (inside bladder)
Quiet clean & efficient.
Quite surprised with the multiple & varied fields of medicine with dept specialists involved.
Re #9 - on medical floor - semi - then (unreadable) ward - bad experience only comfortable after transfer to private room (concussion) Re #20 physio care + instructions were excellent found concussion care + info lacking - suggest hosp be made aware of this need.
Re Question 17 I was really sick from anesthetic plus pain meds- Day 3 a wonderful nurse changed up how I was given anti-nausea med- she gave this med at same time as pain med- a small adjustment from giving pain med then 2 hrs later given anti-nausea med- I felt so much better and very grateful to the nurse who took time to help me feel better. Info on how some meds can make you emotionally sensitive. Info on how surgery impacts not just the physical symptoms but how surgery impacts you mentally. Thank you
Re. visit to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Exceptional care and turn-around time!!! Went to XXXXXX/XXX first, waiting room was packed and seemingly no one moving through triage or patient reg. while we waited there these survey questions are completed about the visit to XXXXXXXX.
Re: registration... are we REALLY at the point where in a face to face conversation, the nurse needs to ask me my gender? You probably offend MORE people by asking, than you would by NOT asking...run the numbers. Re: this survey... if you send a letter by snail mail, include a QR code that includes the web access code. You will get a much higher response rate. It is XXXX. People love to use their devices.
Really appreciated sitting in the patient waiting area while awaiting tests rather than being a stretcher PS since 1st time, I had to visit ED again for different problem. Same good experience
Really enjoyed using the birth tub but wished it wasn't used as storage!!
Really impressed with Doctor, went out of his way to run tests and help me figure out what is going on, tests and results just took too long to come back, nurse in ER nice but I think she kept forgetting I was sitting overnight in sitting room, had to call her over a few times, grateful to all though
Reason for ER trip - cut thumb with knife and needed stitches. - Was in and out in an hour and a half which is never usually the case. - Staff were more than happy helping me and making me feel relaxed. - I have absolutely no complaints about this trip to the ER.
Received excellent service Was very pleased.
Received good care and assistance as required.
Received great care by very knowledgeable + compassionate staff
Recovery room nurse should be able to administer Tylenol or Advil, patient should not be made to wait in pain until in day surgery room.
Regarding this visit & question #10, I did have some pain from a chest/sternum injury due to a fall but I declined the analgesic. The short delay in being seen was because the ER was very busy and I was held in the hallway on the EMS stretcher with the paramedic The care & treatment went quickly after that. Everyone was great!
Registration desk was too preoccupied training someone and talking to trainee to hear or listen to me. No personality and not very friendly or happy. Very uncomforting feeling when you are in pain or not feeling well. Thanks.
Registration was outstanding, doctor seemed a big rushed still good care.
Regular doctor too busy. Keeps sending you to emergency, we go to XXXXXXXX not XXXXXX
Regular floor staff good with giving their names continuing care did not identify themselves. Admittance here very busy + confusing!
Rehab department has excellent people. I can not speak more highly of the nurses, OT + Physio people.
Rehabilitation. Physio, occupational, all exceptional was in 4 hospitals - couldn't ask for more care.
Remained in emergency for 2 nights until getting a room
Require more doctors to reduce visit
Resolved problem eye infection.
Rm in hospital was dark, needed (unreadable) light
RN = really nice
RN XXXXXXX initiated our (unreadable) for every problem Excellent RN Unit helper XXXXXXX + XXXXXXXX
RN XXXXXXX was excellent. She went out of her way to ensure I was comfortable with my care & she wasn't even my nurse.
RNs in emerg need to tell pt their names, what they are doing. My earrings were taken from my wallet in my private room. I did let security know but unable to locate Very disappointing
Room location was near the nursing station Noise level at night too high
Roommates TV on 24 hours per day for 4 of my last 7 day stay
Rude dietary staff, left food by door, out of reach. Room not cleaned very often.
Sat in waiting room 3hrs to get bed in emerg then 2 more hrs. to see a doctor.
Satisfied
Satisfied with treatment Nurses + dr's kind
Saw Dr. XXXXXXXXX on XXXXXXXX AM. He read my x-ray from XXXXXXXXX & misdiagnosed me and made me buy multiple meds I didn't need. This caused me to go back to emerg that night when I went back at night I received excellent care.
Screener in ER was amazing. Got me a wheelchair and a warm blanket Best experience I have had at XXXXXX ER
Second visit to ER within 1 wk with same problem - infection in hip surgery of XXXXX - XXXXXX visit the ER dr picked up on problem immediately + admitted me to hospital for surgery XXXXX - previous ER dr sent me home with antibiotic med
Security could at least attempt to be courteous when asked a question instead of a snide remark.
See emerg department was a God send. They were quick and diagnosed and treated m y medical problem instantly Thank God emerg department was available Thanks to me!
See my previous notes
Seems like they way over book patients never on time usually have to wait 2 plus hrs.
Sent home to soon by house doc Had to come back in two day. Having trouble, (unreadable) question why I was sent home
Service was fine I had day surgery & was out the next day
Service was OK professional just 2 1/2 hours is too long. I can understand an hour
Sharing of bathroom with lady who had diarrhea as I did was not a good situation. In fact it was the pits
Shift change for doctor happened at the end of my treatment as I was waiting to leave with my prescription. Had to wait 1 hour to see new doctor and did not need further care. Just had to wait for release
Short stay with good people
Short waiting time
Shortage of nurses + staff to supply Drinking water when needed Very understaffed
Shorter wait time
Shorter wait times
Shorter waiting in a emergency and more nurses and doctors.
Shorter waiting time to see a doctor
Should not have to argue with ER doctor (2-3 hrs) about my symptoms and whether or not to be admitted once he finally did tests (MRI) I was admitted post haste and never saw him again
Since family members were POA sometimes information was not shared or medical team assumed that parents were POA - they were not.
Since i've experienced allergic reactions before, I was hoping to see the doctor sooner than 3 hr wait. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Since moving to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX health has been excellent - XXXXXXXXX
Since my stay was during COVID I was impressed with all the extra care and precautions that were taken Everyone I came in contact with was positive while dealing with uncertain times
Since we are from out of the XXXXXXXX area we were more then pleased with the care we got. If in the area and we needed care again I would sure go back to your small local hospital
Since XXXXXXXX, been emerg many times to resolve downplayed GP sent me for MRI/MRI again XXXXXX/ Now await MRI x3 DX with 2 herniated disc/cyst and foot drop MRI x3 to determine (unreadable) Dx very disappointed with last ER visit in XXXXXX, sent home with no pain injection as I requested, in fact last visit ER dr did not examine me, he sent student dr. who was very good but I could not get immediate pain relief.
Sleepy on a getting in ER for a day and a half waiting for a bed with broken bones is no funny. Not enough staff and not enough beds, It's pathetic what is expected for the staff! Meals were terrible.
Slow response upon arrival at hospital in emergency ward. Waited 2 hrs after informing staff there was hemorrhaging from the rectum. The blood was dripping on the floor before we were finally called. From there he went to ICU.
Small town hospital, very friendly - took time to make sure I was emotionally supported when I needed it.
Small town hospital, very satisfying to be treated as a person not a number. Seven strokes later, no pain having the treatment and near no scare after beautiful job all around Thanks
Snack time there is sometimes not enough for everyone
So pleased with the genuine care received from Dr. XXXXXX I requested him to be personal physician spoke with him more in 5 days than I had with my personal dr in 30 years. Admitting nurse at hospital bed "XXXXXX" was second to none "fabulous" she changed my life forever
So thankful for the emerg dept @ XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I have no complaints or negative comments or feelings
Some answers affected by covid-19 restrictions
Some answers are N/A because I had a midwife.
Some doctors in the emergency Doctors are indian. They gave me the dirty look. I think they only like the white people
Some nurses did not seem like they enjoyed/wanted to be on the mental health floor - had an attitude of I'm here to do my job and that's it (poor bedside manner)
Some nurses need to go back to school + learn how to respect patients attitude More nurses + doctors needed Hospital stay + care was a nightmare When you are brought in by ambulance, lay in there 9 hrs then told you are a priority patient for surgery than wait 2 days that's horrible
Some nurses seem distracted and tired to a point they didn't engage in conversations even when they started the conversation. A few nurses were always cheerful and looked directly at me when asking about me and how things were going. Cleaning and meal staff were the best.
Some nurses take the time to make sure your comfortable, and some do not - Some nurses ask questions about your health, while others just toss you in a room and walk away.
Some nurses treated us very bad. Hospital stay is getting very bad. Nurses need many professional development days. Thank you
Some of the best nurses I have dealt with
Some of the nurses should be trained on how to give insulin injections.
Some of the nurses were exceptional.
Some of the psychological questionnaires could have been interpreted in order to have more accurate results if possible.
Some of the questions are not quite appropriate given COVID restrictions during my visit but I answered as accurately as possible.
Some PSW need to wash person properly and not give them a cloth to wash their privates. Stop putting patients with infected patience - not necessary.
Someone could come by your cubical once in a while to check on you while waiting for a doctor to see you
Sometimes I felt like I was left out by the PSW's. I needed help with my breathing after surgery was told they would bring me something to breathe into never received it.
Sometimes it may take some time to get registered. Possibly have an extra teller? Everything else was great!
Sometimes staff lacked information about my progress re care. - Many inconsistencies in approach and routines. - Food was not acceptable and was usually cold - Staff were spread too thin
Sometimes the person sharing the room have too many loud visitors! Appreciated the book "Total Knee Surgery" everything I ever needed to know.
Sometimes the wait can be over 5 hrs
Sometimes when I used the call button the nurses would take 20 mins or never show at all Also entertainment at hospital lacked wifi barely worked and there were no TV very boring stay
Sometimes when it is busy it takes longer then when it isn't busy
Somewhere and sometimes, someone stole $150.00 out of my purse. I know I shouldn't have had so much money on me but I was taken ny ambulance (heart attack) and never thought about leaving it at home.
Sorry for the delay as I have been sick with "pneumonia" and didn't feel like doing much Thanks XXXX
Sorry to say this was "not" a 'good' experience. Had to stay all night on a emergency gurney which was not good after "12" hours I am "XX" years old
Spent 1 1/2 days in emergency room and would not have eaten or had anything to drink had it not been for family members tracking down staff
Spent 12 hrs in Emerg before getting to a bed, laid on a gurney all day. Had gallbladder removed next day. Very uncomfortable!!!
Staff - nurses, social worker.
Staff & volunteers were very pleasant and nice Hospital was very clean and food was good Excellent care thanks again
Staff at dept were very kind and since Covid were very understanding and gave instructions so no difficulties.
Staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - XXXXXXXXXXXX site were wonderful. It wasn't very busy when I was there so the experience was very good.
Staff did not turn off alarms on IV machines in a timely fashion
Staff extremely busy due to COVID restrictions - - Maintenance and cleaning staff maxed out Medical staff remarkably attentive and caring Paramedics and ER staff compassionate and professional
Staff had me piss myself well I begged to use the washroom, a (unreadable) physical hurt me for no good reason or (unreadable)
Staff kept telling me I was being discharged but didn't happen until several days later (with no change in my health status) it gives a false hope that is rather upsetting! Staff should refrain from saying. Patients are going home until it is actually happening.
Staff on labour and delivery was absolutely amazing! Care during labour was outstanding
Staff pleasant + helpful. Not a long wait in ER (CEEH) Need more warm blankets for patients. Pamphlets on what to expect after certain diagnosis - DVT + pulmonary embolism, possibly others also
Staff very competent & caring Drs & nurses excellent. All hospital staff very friendly right from admission to discharge
Staff very helpful
Staff was excellent - very kind, caring and helpful Facility was very clean.
Staff was fantastic
Staff was great but developed bedsores during my stay This has delayed my complete recovery I feel this area of my care was not addressed to my satisfaction
Staff was pleasant and efficient, I was pleased and impressed with the professionalism. Everyone made sure I was comfortable, very pleased with my entire experience.
Staff was really friendly
Staff was really good to me - feel 100% better than when admitted unit wasn't scary
Staff was very attentive when we were there I took my X year old grand daughter to the ER due to croup This was during covid
Staff was very courteous and very informative on question that I asked. Enjoyed my visit.
Staff was very kind, considerate, helpful, caring and understanding to the parents keep up the good work people. Thank you for everything you all done for me.
Staff was very pleasant Patients were friendly enjoyed the food, activities
Staff was very professional and attentive in day surgery, OR, postop, and inpatient surgery. Only suggestions are to make sure bedside table within reach when in bed and more detailed postop pamphlet.
Staff was wonderful during my stay. The OB oncall and the pediatrician oncall were not my physicians, however, they were patient, friendly, and very competent. Many thanks!
Staff were caring & professional Hospital was very clean Food was terrible
Staff were friendly and understanding of the concerns I had for my son and called after to tell me results and make sure I got prescriptions filled
Staff were kind and caring to make me more comfortable
Staff were pleasant, helpful & professional. I was treated with respect & genuine care
Staff were polite, respectful and a good sense of humour. It was a very good day.
Staff were very caring
Staff were very kind Care was excellent Don't have family doctor but doctors, nurses treat you with concern and excellent care.
Staff when out of there way for me esp morning after procedure with tube's & needle in me! Clean up bath of privates parts most welcome & soothing for me! Warm wash cloth.
Staffing Ignoring Backstabbing Mocking
Staffing issues - not enough staff - Not consistent staff - Different nurses every day + I was there 3 weeks - Bed rarely made or changed - Minimal room cleaning
Stay was good nurses came and helped when I needed them + give me my pain killers when needed
Stayed for 3 days after a full hip replacement. Care of nurses, & Dr. XXXXXXXXX was exceptional. Male night nurse XXXXXXXXXXX was excellent!
Stayed in a ward 2 roommates made me feel a little unsafe at some times.
Still can't figure out problem. Since XXXX (frustrated)
Still in the long diagnosis process currently taking months to get required tests and specialists. Only doing one test at a time (unreadable) process will take approximately 2-6 months of time. Thanks for the anxiety pills.
Stop cutting nursing staff please. Working short can make patient care and patients have bad experiences.
Stop playing musical chairs with the rooms - it pisses us off!
Students nurses went out of their way to help anyway they could
Sub par care and attention. Lack of dignity & professionalism by some nurses. Indifference by nurses to pain & suffering.
Super great staff & doctors
SUPERB! I HAVE NO COMPLAINTS WHATSOEVER! I WAS IMPRESSED WITH ALL OF THE STAFF THAT I MET. I WOULD RATE MY ENTIRE EXPERIENCE WITH THE HOSPITAL, AND WITH DR. XXXXXXX, AS A+. THANK YOU!
Surgeon & staff impeccable, very smooth running operation. Hospital very impressive it is a credit to XXXXXXX.
Surgery time changed but was not informed directly. Message left on phone but it was not my number The message was left with out most missed surgery
Surgical floor needs work it is known threw the hospital that they have a very high opinion of themselves and some show it. This questionnaire needs work. If this questionnaire is suppose to be anonymous how did you know I hadn't filled it out sent it in. So that tells me it's not anonymous.
Survey too long
Survey was completed on behalf of a XX yr old boy. All questions were answered regarding him including #42-51.
Survey was completed on behalf of X yr old son who was taken in by ambulance. (severe head pain/headache).
Surveys should not differentiate people by color, heritage or sexual orientation People are people
Take more time with patients Better food options
Taken from XXXXXX to XXXXXXXX meds lost suffered pain next day No bills first day in XXXXXX could not get any first day causing much pain Food very poor both hospitals
Takes too long
Takes too long to get care
Takes too long to get outpatient physio resulting in loss of ability gained while in hospital.
Takes too long to see a doctor
Taking 6 hrs to see anyone to help with the pain of a kidney stone attack in almost tears was rude, watching people with lesser symptoms go ahead of me.
Te bedside manner of some of the ER staff is very poor.
Teach your pr staff change an to put surgery arm sling on properly. Both times I had surgery they where not put on properly.
Technicians, were changes things in one of the rooms (areas) needed to get your info into the computer and so each person had to move back and forth - found it very disruptive. I am sure there could have been a far better way for the transfers to be done. The people during the paperwork were very courteous.
Terrible experience; worse experience ever. As of XXXXXXXX still waiting for things to happen to solve my healthcare crisis. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is not able to supply adequate health care because they don't have enough doctors and/or specialists on staff.
Terrible?
Terrific staff lovely & clean much better than XXXXXX
Test areas in hospital explained well the x-ray or scan & other tests - Always pleasant - Your volunteers are very pleasant also
Test results (blood work/urine - pregnancy test) were not shared with me which ultimately could have made upcoming tests - CT Scan(only a few days later) very dangerous for me to have
Tests were done and then transferred to XXXXXX via ambulance Very pleased with the care & all was done in timely manner
Thank
Thank for taking care of me
Thank god for family!
Thank God it's still there when I need it. Doctors office/clinic is good to keep on top of things emerg is whole different game. I needed prompt help and it was there, top notch help all the way.
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you all
Thank you all for great job.
Thank you for a great hospital stay. XXXXXXXXXX
Thank you for all the help received from all dr. and staff Everybody was wonderful
Thank you for all your kindness during my stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Thank you for making my overall experience of having my first child a good one.
Thank you for my return to good health!
Thank you for taking care of me when I was at my worst. God bless!
Thank you for the care you provided.
Thank you for the excellent care and compassion provided to my family and I
Thank you for the excellent care I received at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX the staff is outstanding and thank you to the paramedics that looked after me. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Thank you for your help.
Thank you so much
Thank you to all staff for everything. During this time of pandemic, everyone was on top of cleanliness, support and safety for all patients. You were all wonderful to us! Take care and stay safe!
Thank you to all the staff that work at or for XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX! Thank you to all of the people that donate! Thank you to all the machines that work!
Thank you to all XXX!
Thank you to all, a stroke is unexpected but their actions saved my life.
Thank you to everyone at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for amazing (unreadable) of our beautiful city
Thank you to the all the staff!!!
Thank you to the doctors + nurses + staff. I didn't care for the dinner meals at all. I hate carrots + kept getting them XXXXXXXXXXXX
Thank you to the health care providers (especially the triage nurse) at XXX emergency in XXXXXXXX. They were efficient & extremely friendly. It was an excellent experience.
Thank you to the nurse and doctor that took care of my hand that I had 1st degree burn on it.
Thank you to the nurses and staff for their quick actions. You saved my baby's life. I had an emergency C section and I got to bring my baby home. Something to add to the home release info for C-section moms is how painful the ride home will be to take pain meds 45-60 min before you leave.
Thank you v ery much for everything you did for me
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you! I received an (unreadable) phallectomy and received excellent care. Most professional I was impressed with all my care and the hospital was impeccably clean amazing Thank you so much
Thank you! Keep up the good work XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Thank you!!!
Thank you, Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX, OB - Your approach, your skills, and the care you provided made the difference between having a traumatic birth story and having a serious birth injury but with a happy ending (my beautiful baby) thank you!
Thank you, so much X
Thankful for our health care.
Thankful to live in XXXXXX with a very good hospital Thank you to all the professionals who make it all possible nurses etc
Thanks
Thanks for all that you do.
Thanks for doing a great job and being caring and kind.
Thanks for the care and requested follow up tests
Thanks for your help & good job done by all staff XXXXXXXXXXXX
Thanks Very impressed with XXXX + emergency dept interaction. Dealing with cellulitis was a 2 -3 week challenge but between XXXXXXXXX + emergency + XXXX was back to normal 3 weeks
Thanks XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
That ER visit was a prearranged infusion treatment that is arranged in the ER because that is where the equipment is
That was bladder scope of which I had 2 this surgery first and redone after
The 4th floor staff went above and beyond to make my stay comfortable The food served was the best hospital food ever XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has uneatable food (yuck)
The activity time took my mind off things I enjoyed painting, colouring keeping busy.
The ambulance came immediately About 10 (unreadable) Very good care Thanks
The ambulance drivers were very caring!
The ambulance ride was terrible I was in great pain & every bump was excruciating as the vehicle needed shocks or springs etc Thankfully the ride was short He was not very sympathetic when I vomited in the emergency room.
The ambulance that brought me in where wonderful. The doctors in operation room great.
The ambulance thinks I have problem of blood pressure. I pull my walker near me. A large bruise developed on my back. I didn't realize I had bruise. It didn't hurt me. I had a stroke 7 years ago on my right side
The amount of time waiting for someone to look at me come by ambulance was given ice pack (had to ask for one) for my leg. Blood soaked covering my left eye taken and parked in waiting room for 1 hr - 25 min before getting looked at
The anesthesiologist, Dr. XXXXXXX was amazing! He dealt with my claustrophobia very well
The attendants should be more agile in meeting and should have a doctor on duty for answer promptly as it is absurd to expect more than 5 hours of clock to be serviced and still have to spend on food due to delay of care and doctor didn't need a diagnosis.
The attending doctor said my pain was caused by a pulled muscle even though I had stated the pain had been since mid XXXXX. I said it felt like something else. Because of Covid & my experience I did not go back. The pain has increased quite a bit & I can't talk to GP till XXXXXXX - no personal visits to GP allowed due to Covid I am quite concerned about this issue and what is causing it.
The attention was fast and good and they referred me with a specialist
The bed was quite uncomfortable there was a metal strip under the mattress cover???
The beginning I was hesitant and did not know what to expect have little contact with people I feel most comfortable around I'm grateful for the people I have interacted with. I'm going to leave stronger and feeling blessed
The bell doesn't get answered in due time. Sometimes it is shut off at desk They come somewhat later or not. No privacy they just wheeled my but on commode with no curtain or door shut It was so bad I had stinky diarrhea and they left door open and couple across the hall were gagging I always had to call for someone to replace the pan in commode. There was never enough water I could have used a jug One nurse wouldn't believe I was in a 10 pain but I have strong pain level + it was bad.
The best and personal care personnel - they explained my worries and very considerate if I had a question or concern they took the time to explain.
The caravan to XXXXXX (voyager) they took 8 hrs after they where called to pick me up 2 nurses had to be present while I waited. This needs be address for covid
The care + nurses on the maternity ward are wonderful! + Dr. XXXXX was on call + was great!
The care and attention I received was excellent.
The care and food was excellent
The care and service I receive was most appreciated. Very professional.
The care by the nursing staff in the recovery are was poor I was basically left alone and in the dark (there about 25 hrs) and had to ring the buzzer for attention and help to use the bathroom I could hear the nurse on the phone for over 50 minutes complaining about COVID and union issues etc. she said she was busy and could not stay to help in the bathroom. There were 2 other nurses just sitting at the station and only one other patient in that area I find the young staff have no empathy compared to other staff. I know the hospital could do nothing about the COVID situation due to govt guidelines but I must state my opinion given a 2nd wave may come and were lessons learned? I am not clear as to how many OR's are in my hospital but I was told they were down to one only my surgery (breast cancer) was delayed twice due to COVID rules. Only loss of limb and life threatening were allowed during this time vs. elective surgery. The day of surgery I was bumped twice and surgery was delayed 6 ish hours. I was told there was a birth and an emergency. I believe I was later told there are 4 OR's at my hospital what sense does it make to close down so many of them and try to operate with so few. The collateral deaths because of this and other issues is unforgivable. My neighbours sister was one of them and would not have died in that case she was booted out of the hospital early. Told to go into a nursing home or whatever with only a very short notice she was forced to go home with no care and died of a heart attack alone days after I am sure this happened to many people and many who suffered unnecessarily when not receiving their scheduled surgeries. The govt chose to concentrate on COVID people only and the rest could go to hell basically to my knowledge the OR's and surgeons were not needed for that type of treatment you had hospitals with vacant rooms, nurses and doctors laid off etc who could have been saving patients if all OR's were kept operating. Some common sense was needed and not shutting down everything for the 3% of people who might or did get COVID in my town of 73,000 25 people died (seniors mostly in nursing homes) Let's hope lessons were learned and hospitals have more control of their practices based on their own area numbers. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The care I had was exceptional and caring. BUT I really wish you would make it "MANDATORY" for nurses to be trained to use the machine that shows mapping of the veins below the skin. Especially w/ patients they know already are very hard to have successful intervenous processes I had this machine used 1x and the nurse was successful 1st try. It was great so I asked for it again but other nurses wouldn't use this machine for the vein mapping!!! B/c they didn't feel confident using this machine
The care I received during this stay was excellent and I appreciate the professionalism and care shown by the staff. The outcome of the surgery has been very successful and the follow up physiotherapy at XXX is excellent
The care I received from the nursing & physio area was excellent
The care I received while in hospital was good, but discharge was only 48 hrs after surgery, with no offer of help once at home. I assumed there would be some help from XXXX but there was no mention of it. Terrible first 2 wks at home.
The care in emerg was first class. Typically I was done in 3 hours. However the wait of 6-8 hours for XXXXXXX to transport me home was stressful
The care myself and my daughter received was absolutely amazing I have no complaints at all about the care form the nurses and delivery dr. Dr. XXXXX. Thank you so much from the bottom of my heart. My only complaint is how terrible Dr. XXXXXXX made me feel for choosing to formula feed rather than breastfeed! She made me fee like a terrible mother for my choice I made
The care was excellent, ambulance staff, nursing and doctors, they all went our of their way to help us feel comfortable and then to send us on our way.
The care was excellent, the food was excellent.
The care was very good, the nurses excellent and the cleaning staff superb The only big problem was the food - never saw so much waste. Food not eaten at all, past trays sent back, prepared - food needs to be cooked at again by people in the that department The potatoes and vegetables are ok - the meat is ??? as well as other dishes
The care was very professional and excellent including the EMTs.
The cause of my illness wasn't known. I had thrush mouth which was never addressed or treated could only drink water. XXXXXXXX, the nurse practitioner was excellent with me. The dr. that admitted me came & told me, I was in complete liver failure & had to be transferred to XXXXXX, which was completely not true! Upset my entire family! She needs to be checked into!! Dr. XXXXXX said he arranged a consult with an internist at XXXXXXXXXX I should have been transferred there but he had my husband drive me there. I sat for 4 hrs in ER in a cold & sick infested people room. Then internist admitted me telling me I was very ill. I had no white cells etc. My thrush was deep into my esophagus. I was 2 weeks in hospital (including XXXXXXXX) constant antibiotics IVs going into me. Methotrexate which I have been taking for years for RA, apparently what made me so ill as they said it OD me. Will be a long recovery period for me. Like to add that my stay in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, I felt pretty much ignored. The 3rd day there I finally asked if I could have a shower I had not been offered one even though I heard them asking others. As ill as I was, I was pretty much left to caring for myself. The old nurses treated me like I mattered, more than the younger nurses for the most part. However, if I had been admitted for a known cause, perhaps I might have had different care. They did not have the dr's or equipment to assess me I hold no ill feelings about any of this.
The check in nurse who did blood pressure etc wasn't kind at first After a few minutes she changed this and was a bit nicer
The check in process should be faster than an hour or more as not every one abuses the emerg. When your in severe pain it would be nice to be assessed faster Staff need to be louder calling out names so you don't miss your turn.
The cleaning staff were great they always sent someone when you needed them. One of them found my wedding ring on the floor and it was returned to me. I would to thank that person for being so honest.
The clear fluid diet menu was not suitable for diabetics There was a few maintenance issues in my room ie call bell not working.
The cubicle was very private. The doctors was wonderful Dr. XXXXXX but we had a long wait to see her due to emergency dept. overload that night.
The day after our visit, I was told I have lung cancer which was creating the severe pain - we told triage nurse I had a CAT scan but had not received the results. When my wife asked when I would be seen after waiting 3 hrs, there was no effort ot see one or give us an idea when I would be seen - so I signed myself out.
The day I was there they had a couple of severe emergencies come in and were put ahead of me. This was explained to me and I have the respect and patience to accept that. It is so nice to have emerg dept in our home 'rural' town
The day of my surgery the day surgery clinic was short staffed but it appeared to me that my needs and everyone else's were very well addressed. Thank you.
The day surgery was fine, my only issue would be the fit of the day surgery gowns, a one size fits all work great if you 5 feet 2 inches and weigh 100 lbs, but if you are 6 feet 3 inches and weigh 250 then the one size fits all doesn't work so well. thanks for the opportunity to offer some feedback
The delay of surgery was totally understandable - due to an emergency.
The delivery doctor (Dr. XXXXX) and delivery nurses were excellent 10/10 The after care nurses were almost all excellent. Except XXXXXXX whom lacked bedside manner. Also, if I could finally complain about the network screening nurses making fun of our family name, I would.
The department wanted me out as soon as possible because they needed the bed.
The department was short-handed as usual So there were times when I didn't see a nurse, doctor or even a volunteer to help with getting me a blanket & kleenex I layed there for many minutes, freezing. Used my winter coat eventually (getting off bed with IV and pain meds in system)
The dept was almost empty of patients. I have taken people to Emerge when the waiting room was full and wait times unacceptable. - Given a choice, I take people (friends) to a small hospital out of the city
The dietician came to me & asked what my likes & dislikes were concerning their menus. I was well satisfied with the meals - they tasted 'home-cooked'.
The doctor and nurses must always make sure that your pills are given to you and at the right time.
The doctor assumed my condition from drinking alcohol often. I very seldomly drink and now this is in my medical record. I have 1 or 2 glasses of wine 2 or 3 times per year. I had an ultrasound done of my pancreas and there is NOTHING wrong with it as the dr. had told me there was. I would like to know how to have this assumption the dr. made removed from my medical record. I am not a drinker and this is an absolute insult to me. Please send me details on how to have this removed from file thank-you. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The doctor brushed me off even when I was physically damaged from a bad fall - and should have been xrayed. She just said I had a cracked rib and there is no treatment except rest I remained in pain for 2 months and was bruised from hip to knee! She came into my cubicle without a mask - I asked her to get one & she did.
The doctor did not listen to the fact that I was in extreme pain - at the end of my rope - told me all people in my age group have chronic back & knee pain - this was extreme knee & sciatica back pain which was not under control - I needed something for the nerve pain in my back - gave me a script for my knee pain that took 2+ weeks to help!
The doctor did not share much info with me afterwards. Leaving me not knowing, until I saw my own doctor later.
The doctor did not spend enough time with me to look at all the symptoms. His diagnosis was 3 options The medication prescribed covered 2 options. I would have liked some testing done to get a definite diagnosis. I went to a walk in clinic a week later as the problem was still there.
The doctor did not take my condition seriously - I was not impressed with him.
The doctor didn't look farther into why I had such pain and assumed it was just the arthritis and anxiety I had other issues which showed up later the following week which ultimately landed me in the hospital 2 weeks later for 10 days.
The doctor I had on arriving at emerg was the worst one I have every had. He was determined I was going home even though I could not walk. He was very rude + when administering shots, made it very painful. I would definitely not recommend him to anyone I have waited 2 1/2 weeks for my MRI report. I got it when I phoned the hospital it had never been sent to our doctor
The doctor I saw misread my x-ray, told me I had "gout" which I did not have - then called my housed the next day leaving a message on my answering machine telling me I had a broken bone in my foot! Terrible care!
The doctor in XXXXXXXXXXXX was very good! I was very impressed.
The doctor issued an order for me to be hooked to an ecg recorder to monitor my heart. Shortly after that a nurse came in to look at the ecg machine - never attempted to hook me to it and walked away. The Doctor returned to me at least 2 hours later and apologized to me for the testing equipment not being attached to me. The Doctor said she did not know why it had not been done as ordered. I entered the emergency dept for an investigation for a possible heart attack. I am lucky that this nurse's mistake did not have grave results for me.
The doctor on duty at the XXXXXXX Emergency department was perhaps to most arrogant, disrespectful & rude healthcare provider I have ever had the displeasure of encountering one week after this visit I had returned to the same emergency department because he had not done what he had claimed to have done (verified at second visit by Dr. XXXX) Upon entering the emergency department for the second time I asked if the same doctor was on because if he was I would have driven to XXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXX, or XXXXXXX instead. The doctor's name is Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
The doctor prescribed an insulin pen, which I had never used before. Needles were not provided, nor any instruction on how to use it. Our pharmacist helped me with it.
The doctor said I would be discharged, then left & went home I had to stay an extra night Not good communication. Perhaps he had a personal emergency All nurses were AMAZING.
The doctor that took care of me was incredible. Need more doctors like that for XXXXXX.
The doctor told me that my medications would be changed but I was not notified or was my pharmacist notified either
The doctor was amazing, and the nurses went far and beyond their job. The first two night were noisy due to an older person in the semi private room with me. The nurse asked if I wanted to switch rooms. But I said I was alright. The nurses were amazing
The doctor was awesome! I can't remember her name but I have never had her before. Kind, funny & patient! I have cancer & are getting chemo so I have seen so many doctors lately. I think it was XXXXXXXXXX. She was great!
The doctor was difficult to understand - speech - very thick accent.
The doctor was excellent as he took a x ray on my sprained ankle but was very concerned about why do I have a drop foot He took a blood test, ordered a cat scan on my head and a MRI on my spine I am waiting for any results. I am in excellent health as far as I know for my age
The doctor was OK but it took me more time to fill this out than any nursing care I got!
The doctor was really nice to me and he got me a more comfortable splint and I really liked the new splint because the other one was scratching me and was really uncomfortable.
The doctor was rude, impatient did not provide an accurate diagnosis. He did not provide good care.
The doctor was very good The nurse made us feel uncomfortable about bringing out child in. Telling us that high temp of 104 is okay and febrile seizures were fine for babies. This made me feel like I was being an overprotective parent for bringing my child in for care I was reassured by dr when there was an issue, and given medication
The Doctor who attended to my care did not examine the source of my pain I felt he only made assumptions He was dismissive and acted as if I was unimportant or making up my pain Very disappointing!
The doctor who I spoke with had a very thick accent It would be very helpful if he would have spoken more slowly and double checked to see if I understood I had to clarify with the nurse
The doctor wrote the medicine prescription to the incorrect name, for a man's name. The pharmacist had to call ER department to get my prescription. Made me question whether I needed that medicine and whether dr read my xrays incorrectly. Also made me question whether the ER visit was a waste of time. Went to family dr after to ensure I was cared for properly.
The doctors & nurses in ER were excellent as were the ambulance personnel. On the floor, everyone was professional, efficient, & kind. I would highly recommend XXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXXX to anyone. It is a vital & priceless asset to our community.
The doctor's advice was very good.
The doctors and nurses are always fantastic! In a very stressful situation, they were able to keep us calm and decide on what was best for myself and our baby. Amazing work!
The doctors and nurses do an excellent job trying to get to the bottom of what is causing the reason for the visit
The doctors and nursing were very friendly and helpful. Any help you needed they were that for you.
The doctors I dealt with was excellent.
The doctors were great Nurses were very bad Took hours to help you
The doctors, staff and everyone supporting patients are really great + very helpful
The dr has a language barrier He interrupted me & trivialized my conditions. A month later I got treatment, same dr. he is confusing & seemed to be more concerned about his nurse (new?) understanding. He is a good dr.
The dr was (unreadable) Could not understand one word Terrible, should not happen in Canada - terrible
The dr was very rushed and hard to understand (spoke with heavy accent)
The Dr. XXXX assisted care was wonderful. He told me I had d. ventriculitis which I did not know. Now all is good.
The dr's and nurses were great My experience was positive.
The drs at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were great. They took the time to do some testing to see what was wrong Dr. XXXXXX was very thorough with getting down to the problem He knew right away what the problem was and followed through with testing and monitoring my blood pressure - blood sugars The nurses were very good even though they were short staffed. They did a fantastic job having PSW in the hospitals really help the nurses, especially when every shift seemed to be short staffed The only complaint I have is the food I had diabetic diet somethings were good, others not so good
The ED doctor I saw at this visit was very professional, and thorough. She listened to my concerns and did appropriate testing. I was very impressed with her care. Triage nurse XXXX was probably the least pleasant part of my ER visit.
The emergency dep is very bad. It was time to get the old nurses out and start with new ones out of college. I will start take care of things myself
The emergency department at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is poorly run and disorganized Priority patient does not seem to exist there Emerg staff in triage were very unfriendly or caring This observance came from X separate visits there.
The emergency department in general very busy, but I have always been treated properly and with courtesy.
The emergency department is kept too cold. Was in emergency for a whole day before moved to room. Long wait in waiting room before spending day in emergency dept.
The emergency department is run very well with congenial people working within the said department.
The emergency department is too understaffed, which means the wait is way too long. Sometimes I put off coming in because it's too stressful. It also is a shame that my parking pass expires while I'm inside, causing a ticket on occasion (shameful).
The emergency department was not busy It was a shame that I had to wait 1 hour before I got to see the doctor I seen the doctor chatting with the nurse for a 1/2 hour before anyone was called in It seem to me it was on the hospital time as they were laughing.
The emergency dept. in XXXXXXXX is very efficient and caring. Would recommend this dept. to anyone who has need of emergency services.
The emergency doctor told me I had a heart attack + strual fibrillation which wasn't the truth I had pneumonia I suffer from extreme back + leg pain + am on oxycodone for it the staff knew about it as my meds were with me I advised them I needed regular doses + I was not given it so they said it was not prescribed by the doctor I became in such pain, shivering + shaking. I tried (unreadable) to get a nurse but they were too busy. So I walked out of the hospital + went home
The emergency doctor was excellent Took my condition very serious The emergency nurse was rude I was going to bathroom every minute had to go in a bowl room was stench horrible! Nurses on surgery floor left me for hours at a time after ringing my bell for help with bathroom or meds No one cleaned my bathroom I had 3 garbage bags full of stools in total Asked multiple times for someone to clean This was during COVID The doctors & nurses at endoscopy and scope & CT were excellent! Thank you. Dr. XXXXXX & Dr. XXXXXXX were also excellent & caring as well as the anesthesiologist (anesthetic) My husband got me water/ice as no one would answer me calls for over 4-6 hours at at time My husband also changed the garbage - until he was not allowed in with COVID 19 Nurse assistants were excellent!
The emergency lady doctor that treated me went beyond her duty. She left no stone unturned. She checked me over completely. I was so pleased with her that I told her that no other doctor had checked me out and treated me so well as she had. I was extremely pleased with her.
The Emergency Room doctor needs some bedside manners. She was not very nice to me or another young woman there at the time. On the other hand my attending doctor, Dr XXXXXXXX was excellent!
The emergency room was in the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX site + care was excellent
The emergency staff at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX impressed me greatly. They dealt with my symptoms quickly & had me booked for a 48hr heart monitor to try to ascertain what caused my blackout/feinting spell. Unfortunately, the results posted on the monitor did not clarify what caused my problem... this was not the problem with the medical staff. They did everything they could to analyze my case.
The enclosed article shows your the quality of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. We don't want to use it but when necessary love it XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
The epidemic did not help any of us. XXX
The ER doctor she was great and very kind
The ER doctor was rude to adult female, but spoke respectfully to adult male parent in the room At 3 am, a X year old doesn't care about urine test results for an ear infection - let them go home
The ER in XXXXXX has wait times that are too long. For that reason, I drove to XXXXXXXX and used the ER at that hospital.
The ER is staffed with sociopaths who constantly lie and totally lack empathy. I hate having to go there - and I still need to. I have skipped to find other solutions at times
The Er was extremely busy at night.
The Er was not busy at the time we were there. The day before our XXXXXXXXXXXX ER experience, I was in XXXXXXXXXXXX ER with one of my other children It was a terribly long wait and the (unreadable) was one of stress. Excellent dr. though
The evening nurse only came to check on me twice throughout the night Also, did not receive breakfast in the morning after my delivery
The excellent instructions provide by the doctor said to arrive at 8:00 AM. A few days before I received a automated phone call telling me to arrive at 7:00 Am. I arrived at 6:46 AM, checked in, was directed to day surgery waiting room. I sat there until 8:15 until anyone came to talk to me. Then I was not the first patient seen. My procedure was done close to 9:00 AM Why was I told to arrive at 7:00 AM!!!
The fact that many of the night staff spend much of the night talking & laughing loudly in the halls is quite unprofessional. I really don't need to know about the (unreadable) lives. I'm there to get better.
The first night that I was in the hospital I fell face down on the floor going to the bathroom. Staff helped me up & back into bed, I did not get any attention until next day when they sent me for a facial xray. They discovered that my nose was broken, the doctor advised that it was not a bad fracture and would heal on it's own, the pain was minimal.
The food at the hospital was not good it was mostly cold - Sometimes when breakfast came physio would want to help and I sent them away - Why do we have to pay to visit family member Parking should be free all the time!!
The food could be hotter
The food in the hospital was terrible, processed and always cold My husband brought me in fruit plates and hot tea.
The food is quite bland.
The food is so bad. Last 3 days in hospital I lived on rice, sesame crackers & Dole mixed fruit in cherry gel
The food is terrible.
The food is terrible.
The food isn't very good.
The food needs improvement!
The food situation needs to change. I was in hosp in XXXXXX for three wks and the way they handled there food was (great) Hot stuff was hot, cold stuff was cold and you had some choices instead of heres your supper eat it or starve Food was my only complaint Thank you for an enjoyable stay I will be back probably
The food sucks.
The food was atrocious & nobody asked my preferences barely eat anything
The food was awful.
The food was bad! - You didn't even ask - must be well with that fact.
The food was deplorable as it was during my past hospital stays Too long to wait for a bed. Overall, staff friendly and helpful.
The food was disgusting. I rarely ate. No choice it was take it or leave it.
The food was either lukewarm or cold.
The food was good The nurses good I could not say a thing about anything.
The food was great Nurse were superb Could not have asked for anything to be better Best stay ever.
The food was inedible.
The food was mostly very poor
The food was not great. The food always was cold!
The food was ok but not the most appetizing
The food was really (unreadable) it was always ice cold
The food was so horrid!! My husband brought in my meals
The food was surprisingly good!!
The food was terrible - mostly disgusting - most of my food had to be brought in by family
The food was terrible Dietician helped to get food, just hardly ever received what she ordered due to system need 6-8 meals per day. received 3 uneatable ones most of the time and a pkg of crackers + peanut butter is not a meal or a pudding or ice cream Does not help the system lost too much weight + felt dizzy a lot cause of it.
The food was terrible However the nursing staff did ask someone from the kitchen come to see me and go over acceptable menu items 1st 2-3 days I sent almost everything back to the kitchen barely touched
The food was terrible the same meal after meal. The nurses need more assistance.
The food was terrible, could hardly eat it.
The food was terrible. Not given any choices. Some food wasted as it was not something I chose to eat therefore I didn't have anything that meal, had to go make toast. Not balanced meals
The food was terrible. Portions were to small. It came either cold or luke warm. Need more selection. Food service - there was always something missing on the tray When admitted staff read to tell family to bring in you CPAP machine right away if you have been diagnosed with sleep apnea and also your home medications that I take. If taking long acting narcotics need to make sure that they are ordered in AM so that there are no missed doses or that pt can take their own medication so that there are no missed doses
The food was unsatisfactory and needs a review for changes ie every weekend less consistent service of chicken and bland soups. You really need to review this - dietary is part of heart care.
The food was well below expectations, during my lengthy stay XXXXXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXXX The food menu was very repetitive. I lost weight due to not wishing or being able to eat what was served.
The food ws so bad did not eat anything from the tray in 3 days Not let to eat emergency is just a negative It is just the worse place to put yourself.
The food. Breakfast - excellent Lunch - good Supper - could not eat - terrible
The food/meals served to me & others is disgusting, repetitive & usually cool to cold!!! More variety of meals & vegetables. Also colour & presentation needs much improvement. Things do not need to be as white as the plate they are served on!!! Nutrition is imperative to recovery!!!
The food: Can they not serve anything but chicken for 3 meals a day. (5 out of 7 days chicken in some form
The grouping of patients in chairs is a breach of confidentiality. There is zero excuse for us knowing what 8 strangers reason for ER visit is. Nurses were exceptional - just far too overworked.
The head nurse on 4th floor was not nice in having my husband or sister stay with me the first night. She backed off when I told her it was hospital policy that a family member could stay with patient for extra comfort then she backed off.
The hospital and staff were great. Clean bright rooms and showers available during my week stay. The only thing I wish was better, is the food! I had an awesome nutritionist that helped boost my meals, as I was losing weight with my colitis. She was great but the food wasn't very good. I understand it is hospital food but the hospital in XXXXXX, has way better food options and I got to choose my meals but their rooms weren't near as clean and nice, as XXXXXX!! Overall I didn't want to stay for the week but all the staff made it tolerable and treated me well!! Great job!
The hospital atmosphere was professional and friendly I especially appreciated the encouragement that I was given throughout my stay at hospital from the doctors, nurses, physiotherapist and other staff.
The hospital food was not acceptable
The hospital in general needs to hire more nurses & RPN. The ones they have are overworked.
The hospital seemed short-staffed. Because I was dependent on help, my family/friends took turns staying with me.
The hospital staff went above and beyond to make my stay as enjoyable as it could have been They were very attentive and so helpful
The hospital staff were fabulous during my stay. I have only two small complaints. The first being that the wheelchair that staff used to take me out to my ride, was broken with one of the foot holders dragging. The second is that the food was absolutely terrible. I did not end up eating anything other than the pre-packaged jellos and such.
The hospital stay was quite good except for one nurse in the ICU on my husband's first stay.
The hospital was clean and bright, staff worked as a team, everyone was very supportive and helpful
The hospital would not function as efficiently without the volunteers.
The hospitalist and staff were terrific. The emerg. experience illustrated a family member must be an advocate. Would not have discovered medication issue if had not made it past emerg - press for discharge elderly in the middle of the night.
The hydro was out and nurses were very helpful even though it had to be very stressful for them.
The initial waiting time is very long!
The inpatient care on the labour and delivery floor was excellent However, while in triage there was a nurse named XXXXX who was quick to dismiss what I had to stay about my level of pain and timing of contradictions. She had me discharged and told me to go home and wait it out Luckily we (my husband and I) stuck around in XXXXXX and headed back to the hospital an hour later with not even being at the hospital for more than 25 minutes I had delivered the baby If we would have bent home to XXXXXXXX, we would not have made it back in time to the hospital to have the baby Therefore, I did not receive the antibiotics I needed since I tested positive for GBS We had to stay for 48 hours at the hospital
The lab had my blood work mixed up with someone else's. I went for high blood presser.
The ladies on the L&D floor are absolutely amazing! Kind, compassionate & caring. Wonderful staff!
The language of this survey is at times odd!
The length of time between registration and procedure needs to be shortened. I was asked to register 2 hours prior to my procedure, if the clinic was running on time, I still would have waited for 90 minutes (as registration, getting to day surgery and changing, takes less than 30 minutes). Due to the delay, I waited in the day surgery waiting room for 3 hours.
The LHINs that work in the hospital are bullies, along with the social worker. They only wanted to put me in a nursing home. Their names are XXXXX + XXXXX Thank God the LHINs will be gone soon. They are a joke.
The long wait in registration need more people working there I felt uncomfortable being around so many people, waiting, to register should have the option to register at day surgery. Glad underground parking was open
The long wait times are frustrating but I realize it's different for health care professional to keep their schedule. The worst and most alarming part is that it takes so long to see a health care specialist.
The main problem I had was the wait to see a doctor. It was so long I am doubtful I will return for care if I need it. Sitting for that long does bother my back and too many people to walk around in the department.
The male anesthesiologist who gave the epidural was extremely rude! He came into labour room #1 and immediately complained about the room setup and overall was very short and impatient with me being in pain. Awful man...
The male nurse that looked after me in the emergency department was as cool and calm as a cucumber.
The male nurses at XXXXXXXX hosp were the most ignorant I've come across in XX years. The door was locked when we got there and took 5 to 8 minutes to get him off his ass to.
The maternity nurses in L&D were AMAZING. We birthed during the COVID 19 pandemic and they went out of their way to make the experience as supportive as possible. Also Dr. XXXXXX the anesthetist went out of his way to manage my pain, even calling from home to check on me and coming back in amazing.
The meals were disgusting Worse food I have ever had. I had a real problem with constipation & found the nurses reluctant to help me It was not until I almost passed out that they took control Mobility was very difficult for me
The meals were horrible. Could not eat much & lost about 10 lbs.
The meals were not appetizing as I am celiac and the meals were the same almost every day No variety
The meals were not good at all.
The meals were really bad. Cold + dry also, they included food I am allergic too! Read the ingredients for all foods before giving them out. There is sunflower oil in the milk (soy) and in some of the juice. My chicken was so dry. It was shoe leather. The vegetables were unappealing + hard as a stone! My husband brought in my meals.
The meals were terrible I was on a diabetic meal plan which was something to be desired. Only ever got a roast beef sandwich everyday no other kind!
The meals were very tasty
The night I was admitted my nurse went out of his way for my husband and I. We had been in emergency dept for hours - He went and got my husband a coffee after he got me settled He was so kind.
The nurse blew 2 veins when trying to do intervenous & when I got into surgery the anesthesiologist told me he told the nurses to only try once so he had more chances to get a vein. When he did go into my wrist he hit a nerve and I am now having problems and have been getting therapy! And I feel the surgeon is kinda cold and dismissive and my bicep is now not looking normal.
The nurse in charge of surgery dept was great
The nurse in the maternity area that cared for me was XXXXXXX she was fantastic! She took the hand off from the midwife and did a fantastic job caring for me & my son and explaining things I asked about
The nurse on L+D were amazing and really helped to make my experience a positive one!
The nurse that brought us back to the beds was awesome She made my daughter feel comfortable & even got a giggle out of her Great experience!
The nurse took too long to call the doctor when I was 10 cm dialated and the baby was getting stressed which he pooped while still inside me The nurse was too over confident when I would tell her I needed more epidural She was rude (Orange hair, nose piercing and glasses nurse in labor & delivery)
The nurse was very kind and made me feel comfortable. I had to wait 4-5 hours to see the doctor which I felt was a long time. the doctor was very polite and took her time with me however.
The nurse were kind and my psychiatrist is amazing and understanding
The nurse who was with me pre & post was very caring and helpful Registration was efficient and easy.
The nurse XXXXXXX overnight did not listen to me at all. She questioned me why I needed pain medication, I asked her to leave the door open because it got too hot in room - she closed it. She didn't come back till I rang 3 hours later for a glass of water and the door opened. She never introduced herself but remembered me from the same procedure on XXXXXXXXXXX. I went home with a catheter that XXXXXXXXXXXXX She tossed a leg catheter on my tray, didn't explain anything, got me to sign form without explaining it. I was in pain and she walked out when patients wife in next room wanted her husband discharged I called my husband to pick me up 1 1/2 hours later He arrived nurse did not return at all My husband informed another nurse I was ready and she helped me. The nurse in question was of Pakistan, decent whom I respect, however she was rude, uncompassionate, incompetent and where every other nurse was cheerful, helpful I felt humiliated and discounted by her. Like I mentioned she was the only one who didn't tell me her name or write it on the blackboard in my room Feel free to contact me if you would like to discuss XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
The nurses & doctors & hospital staff were all courteous and attentive to my baby & me before & after birth. We had a very positive experience again at Bluewater Health!
The nurses & doctors were great, they're overworked & understaffed a lot, but managed to make up for lack of staff, which is amazing no complaints our stay was great.
The nurses & doctors were so kind & respectful.
The nurses & drs were great during my delivery & stay after. Very knowledgeable & very friendly. They were helpful in every way.
The nurses & OB that worked with us during the birth of my daughter were exceptional. Friendly, warm, comforting and professional I had the same experience with my son two years earlier I was very impressed with the hospital and would recommend!
The nurses & PSW workers were very validating when talking to them. It allowed me to feel safe to share my abuse/trauma truth. I felt I could trust them. I was hospitalized 10 yrs ago for what I now know as sexual abuse trauma. Than I felt that I was validated
The nurses & staff are fantastic
The nurses & staff overall were very good Some were excellent XXXXXXX = XXXXXXXXX a very hard working girl. I loved her
The nurses and doctors were wonderful. They really went above and beyond to make me comfortable and make sure everything went smoothly.
The nurses and PSW's were so pleasant and caring.
The nurses are always working short staffed. Luckily they all managed to excel at their job. The drs also are amazing.
The nurses are awesome and very kind and caring. This is important.
The nurses are overworked + underpaid
The nurses don't come around very much during the night shift to check in or even look in.
The nurses evaluated my son. After waiting awhile he seemed worse and I asked for a reevaluation. They did that without complaint, thoroughly and changed our wait position from the results.
The nurses I had were amazing They made me feel important and that they truly cared what I had to say or ask and that it mattered
The nurses on labour & delivery on the night of XXXXXXXXXXXXXX were great! Very supportive and willing to listen. Went out of the way to make sure I was comfortable. Thank you for making it a great birthing experience.
The nurses on the cardiology floor were amazing very good to me The food should be improved.
The nurses on the delivery floor XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were amazingly helpful.
The nurses on the labour and delivery floor are extraordinary people. They go above and beyond for each and every one of their patients.
The nurses on the surgical floor were very very busy.
The nurses that cared for me and my baby were absolutely amazing. I felt comfortable and well cared for they were very understanding and helpful best hospital experience I've had
The nurses were absolutely awesome, they make me realize how much they loved their job. Specialists were also very kind and patient it was nice to have a hospital so close to where you live.
The nurses were amazing.
The nurses were attentive, competent and empathetic in their care. The psychiatrist was very smart, well spoken and competently got my meds. Straightened around and explained things well. Everyone was devoted to their patients.
The nurses were caring and there when you needed them.
The nurses were exceptional.
The nurses were fine but the doctor was very arrogant and condescending! I felt that I was a victim of ageism. I went to a walk in clinic and was told to go immediately to emergency. This emergency doctor disagreed with the diagnosis of the clinic and argued with me, even telling me I should not of come after he spoke with an eye specialist he agreed to treat the condition the way the walk in clinic doctor had suggested!
The nurses were great and made me feel safe, listened to, and comfortable Exceptional
The nurses were great explaining everything Thank god for them.
The nurses were great, but as a first time mother I would have liked if someone could watch the baby while I rested for a few hrs. I didn't sleep more than an hour or two per day - which would have hindered my own recovery. Having peace of mind knowing someone was watching the baby would have helped.
The nurses were great. The meals are awful. Why not cook them fresh at XXXXXXXXXX Hos.
The nurses were helpful
The nurses were like angels
The nurses were so friendly and always so helpful! Except for XXXX, she could use some lessons in smiling and overall friendliness- very standoffish.
The nurses were very patient and kind. My only issue was night time noise but I think that cannot be helped.
The nurses were very supportive, respectful & attentive. Suggestion make wheelchairs available on labour & delivery floor for recovering moms
The nurses were wonderful, but definitely under staffed. More nurses are badly needed. They do there best, but can't be every where at once.
The nurses were wonderful.
The nurses where always helping if needed. One helped with the medication when I left called my prescription in for me.
The nurses work hard and most of them are pleasant. A lot of times the meals were cold and this was a big problem Most of the staff do a good job.
The nursing staff is always wonderful.
The nursing staff is amazing, they are busy busy busy but with only a few exceptions, they never made me feel as though I was too demanding or difficult; they are friendly, professional, cheerful, and wonderfully helpful.
The nursing staff on hand was outstanding. As was the Dr who delivered my child/helped me and the dr who helped my child. My own doctor however came in and was not overly supportive nor provided me with self care information. This dampened the joy of the experience but that had nothing to do with the staff at the hospital. It was a very busy weekend and they all did amazing. I wish I had the names of 4 nurses who went above and beyond. Helping me and informing more even their job required. It made delivery so much more bearable.
The nursing staff was helpful & respectful at all times however the floor is very clearly overloaded and the staff are clearly overworked.
The nursing staff was incredible. Lovely ladies
The nursing staff was MAZING! They were super supportive and compassionate.
The nursing staff were amazing and extremely caring during my stay
THE NURSING STAFF WERE WONDERFUL. I WENT IN WITH EXTREME PAIN IN MY LEFT SHOULDER. I WAS PUT IN A ROOM AND ASKED TO PUT A GOWN ON. THE DOCTOR CAME IN AND I TOLD HIM WHAT WAS WRONG. HE DID A COUPLE TEST WITH MY STRENGTH AND THAT WAS IT. I TRIED TAKING MY GOWN JUST OFF THE SHOULDER TO SHOW HIM WHERE THE MASSIVE PAIN WAS AND HE SAID ... NO NO... AND COVERED MY SHOULDER BACK UP. HE NEVER TOOK X-RAY OR MRI. NOW 2 MONTHS LATER AND A MRI ORDERED BY MY DOCTOR WE FIND OUT I HAVE TORE MY ROTATOR CUFF...BOTH MUSCLES... COMPLETE TEAR. NOW IF PHYSIO CANT STRENGTH THIS, I'M LOOKING AT HAVING TO HAVE SURGERY. MAYBE IF THE DOCTOR WHO TREATED ME HAD CARED ENOUGH TO X-RAY OR MRI ME THAT DAY ... I WOULDN'T STILL BE IN THIS PAIN.
The older nurses were very attentive + courteous. The younger nurses tended to be more abrupt + less attentive. A younger nurse was on duty when a new patient was brought into the room later at night, with no attempt to do it quietly nor did the nurse attend quickly to a constantly beeping IV.
The older triage nurse is abrupt and condescending. I've experienced his 'bedside manner' myself and when taking my elderly mother in for health care. He basically mocks you or sighs when he feels you haven't answered a question to his satisfaction. I dislike how the registration area is set up. In this era of privacy concerns, the entire ED can hear you discuss your name/address/phone/emergency contact/health issues. There should be a more private area set-up for registration. The resident was very thorough, which was appreciated. I find that medical staff (nurses, doctors, residents) tend to gloss over the basics - not everyone knows how certain tests/medication/symptoms work, so a few extra seconds to explain would be greatly appreciated. Side note: my mother attended this ED 5 times over the course of 10 days (2 years ago) and was treated very poorly. She saw a different dr each time, who would say 'I don't know what's wrong with you, here are some meds, so go home'. Further tests were rarely ordered (one lower abdominal ultrasound, and a 'potential' CT scan in 7 weeks), despite severe pain, continual vomiting, and the inability to intake food for those 10 days - as a XXX year-old. In the end, we had to get her family dr involved to finally get her admitted to get testing done. After 10 days of vomiting and pain, the result was multiple pulmonary emboli, which could have killed her. But the ED drs just kept sending this senior citizen home to be someone else's problem another day. At that time, I did overhear one of the drs speaking with a nurse - they were concerned another patient had a heart attack, but weren't 100% sure. They were hesitating on following up for fear of being wrong and 'bothering' both the specialist and the 'nurse upstairs When I happened to be in the ED a few days after she was finally treated and released, one of the nurses who treated her on her 4th ED visit told me he didn't think she was going to live thru the night that evening. But yet the dr still sent her home with simple nausea meds that didn't help anything. So, as grateful as I am to have a local rural ED, they need to make some significant attitude improvements.
The on duty staff was great. The on-call specialist did not make me feel comfortable or that he was very competent.
The one nurse was very good while the other one kept pushing me to get out after waking up!
The only comment I have is that it would have been nice if the person that drove me to emerg would have been allowed to stay to find out that I was only going to be there a short time. Inconvenient for her to go home an then come back 20 minutes later Otherwise, it was a much better experience than I expected.
The only complain I had was when another patient was put in the same room I was in. This person was contagious. Nurse and doctors, visitors had to gown up. I was moved only after the concern was mae.
The only complaint I have is the neighbor/bed patient snored loud & all night long - this was no fault of the staff
The only complaint I have is the wait time to see a doctor is much to long.
The only concern I had was at registration the women there were having a gab session (laughing talking) while people waited other than that my experience was quite pleasant
The only concern was that I was unable to update my address as there was not an administrative clerk on duty. The nurse said he was unable to do this my current address is incorrect.
The only downside was that I had to wait for a doctor to come in since it was in evening, but didn't wait too long. XXXXXXXX has the best emerg I have ever experienced - efficient with mostly awesome doctors!
The only issue I had was the security and identifying bracelet fell off the baby including the hugs bracelet that fell off in the baby's sleeper and put into a dirty laundry bag which set off alarms. They had also forgot to initially put the matching bracelet (on the mother) to the baby on admission.
The only issue I had was the wait time to see the dr due to the numerous drug addicts coming in and getting treatment ahead of myself and other patients that were waiting longer.
The only issue I have is the wait time when you come in through ER - There should be more than 1 doctor on staff either day or night. Wait times should not exceed 1 hr to 1 1/2 hrs + to be looked at by a doctor
The only issue regarding my day-surgery was the 'testy' communication that took place when endeavoring to get specific answers to how the anesthetic would be administered (since I am a laryngectomee). I found this aspect unsatisfactory and a change to the earlier procedure was altered without further consultation. I was concerned that the pharmaceutical to be used would gain access to my esophagus via my Blom-Singer, one-way valve and the doctor in charge of that role got impatient with me. He decided to do a spinal tap instead and without my conscious agreement.
The only issue was with the young man who did my echocardiograph. He was rude, rough and baseball cap is not professional. Seemed to be in a hurry Asked to go to washroom before he started he told me no!
The only mishap during my stay is that the food service missed my dinner and breakfast but the nurse got me a sandwich & made me soup for dinner and breakfast the nurse contacted them in time to come back with some breakfast. The nurses were excellent
The only problem I had was the openness of the pre waiting area and the pre procedure area did not feel there was any privacy aside from the curtains - too open.
The only problem I had with your hospital always is they have no idea what to do or where to put people with no immune system or immune problems. I was moved to three different areas all with sick people an then moved to the place I spent the night, also with six sick people. I know as soon as I arrive at the emergency area to put on a mask and I understand hospitals can't do everything for everyone, it seems like there is no plan in place.
The only reason the stay was fine because there were only 2 of us that night
The only thing I would improve is the room size - very small - 2 in room of the washrooms was too small + was shared by folks in next room Also the washroom had only toilet + wash basin (sink) was outside door! XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The only thing upsetting was how rude the dr. was at first. No reason to be rude. Other than that it was a nice stay. I told her not to speak to me like that next visit she was fine.
The only thing was the food It had a lot to be desired
The only thing was to discharge me before I was fully awake kept saying are you ready to go
The OR staff were fantastic Everyone made me fell less nervous and well cared for
The paperwork from the doctor's office & the hospital should have the same arrival time & surgery time. They were slightly different.
The parking pay & stay should at least be free for longer than 20 mins. Reason is you go in expecting to be an hr then find out you be like 3-6 hrs. Don't think fair for a true emergency. Or maybe pay as you exit!
The patient care at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was excellent. The nurses, drs, nurse prac, cleaning staff & kitchen staff were so accommodating & helpful. They all helped in my recovery!! And I thank them all!
The pee bottles/bed pans are kept on the same table they put your food on. Disgusting!
The people in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Emergency was excellent.
The people of XXXXXX and around, we are happy and satisfied with the services that we have. The best services of the staff from the worker who clean to the top of the director
The people, facilities and my care were excellent!
The person across from my treatment room had pneumonia 2 days later I had bacterial pneumonia for 3 weeks
The person who took my xray was the issue with my care as she was very blunt and rude to me about whether or not I was on birth control 'like the rest of the world' when in reality my husband and I have been struggling to get pregnant for years. I look young, doctors nurses and technicians treat me like I'm 16, I am a health care professional as well. My diagnosis was incorrect as the dr told me I had a bad cold. I got a second opinion three days later from my family dr, and was then treated for laryngitis.
The personnel concentrated on my high blood pressure and didn't deal with the pain in my back that my own doctor diagnosed as caused by an injury from a fall 10 days prior it is pain (unreadable). The created (unreadable) anxiety which caused the high blood pressure reading which was the reason for this visit.
The physician I dealt with was condescending towards me and I didn't feel as comfortable leaving
The physician was excellent!
The Physio Therapy room on the 2nd floor left a lot to be desired. There was never a time that I felt like I was being treated by my therapist without them 'handling' more people than the room could handle. During my physio 'classes' there were always 4 patients with at least as many therapists in the room - that room was not big enough for 4 people let alone 8 or 10. Equipment was always 'stacked up' making other equipment unavailable etc etc. It just seemed that the 'system' was an after thought of what therapy should be like.
The physio was painful necessary and was extremely effective I am very grateful
The price is right, yea Canada.
The procedure I had is a yearly cancer recheck. Due to the type of cancer (bladder) I feel the hospital could respect people's dignity much better. Every year both sexes sit in waiting rooms in pajamas. Very embarrassing for many. Privacy is not very good.
The procedure I had was done before and know what to expect
The psychiatrists barely saw them, and when I did it was for a few minutes and like they didn't want to be there Felt like I was not listened to/my needs weren't being met. Felt like I was just "here" for 2 weeks and not receiving psychiatric treatment that was needed. Also don't like being ID'd as a female even though I have legally switched to male on all documents
The quality of food sucks. The last 5 years!!!
The reason for my visit was so the doctor could take a bone marrow sample, so he could check it for any anomalies.
The reason I went to emerge is because my blood pressure was critically high Other than the triage nurse in all of the over 6 hrs I spent there my blood pressure was not taken once.
The reason why I went to the Emergency Department was due to abdominal pain. My wife & I were to leave on vacation within 5 days of my hospital visit (part of our vacation would have taken us out of country) and I was concerned that my health issue may prevent us from going. I tried to get an appointment with my family doctor but due to time constraints I was not able to get an appointment and was advised to go to the Emergency Dept. I explained my situation to Emergency Department staff (nurses/doctors/etc..). I received excellent care, had appropriate tests which reassured me that my health issue would not affect our vacation plans and had follow up referral from Emergency Department doctor. I had a VERY POSITIVE experience. Thank You
The recreation therapy area should be open more frequently with privacy respected at all times.
The rehab gals and guys are great! They have the patience of saints. On second floor east Nurses are great!
The rehab unit is very, very helpful & all the staff are very friendly & good.
The restaurant in the lobby needs to be open longer
The right hand doesn't know what the left hand is doing. Simple surgery - must have had 5-10 different nurses involved? Some nurses seemed to lack proper skills/knowledge.
The RN on duty (XXXXXXXXX) was an absolute angel - so compassionate, understanding and patient. All staff were professional and caring. We are blessed to have XXXXXXXXXXXX! My only complaint was how long it took to get pain relief It was terrible As an XX year old woman, I should not have had to suffer.
The RN who helped me prepare for, undergo and recover from my C-section was wonderful! She was so calm and caring my OB (Dr. XXXXXXXXX) and the entire team present during my surgery was so compassionate My childbirth experience was perfect. Thank you!
The room that I was admitted to was very cold. The nurses said that part of the hospital is known to be cold. That was XXXXXXXX that I was there so can only imagine what it's like now that the colder weather has arrived. The nurses brought in extra blankets plus my friends brought me in warmer bed clothes.
The room was very cold I had to go out into hall a few times - seemed to be a shortage of blankets and pillows. I nearly froze!!
The room was very outdated and poorly maintained There were holes in the dry wall and room was very small We weren't expecting that when we decided to pay extra for a private room
The rules for the health unit should be reviewed ASAP on admission. - I was bitten by either a bed bug/flea or spider on the rear end while sleeping on the mattress located on the floor in solitary. The shower floors get very slippery when wet. Need to install anti-skid. The response time to let someone out to go to the bathroom can be too long for someone in solitary isolation. No instructor available for the "stretch exercises" 2 weeks in a row.
The second day of our stay we expected discharge. I saw my nurse at 2am when I moved rooms. Then, saw no one until 11am when we went to the desk asking for discharge. Turns out after 7am we were not assigned a nurse. The floor was short staffed, so they "transferred care back tot he midwife" Which is stupid. Imagine calling in an OB and telling them they were responsible for nursing their patient. Unacceptable. The midwife wrote orders for our discharge but because we didn't have a nurse, no one wanted to be responsible for the paperwork. I was left to page the emergency paging service for the midwives trying to sort it out myself. The midwife told me we were okay to go, that discharge orders were in place. We got back up to the desk but couldn't leave because the hospital discharge paperwork wasn't complete but no one wanted to do it and instead became rude, snappy and began calling the midwives again. We were directed to the waiting room at 1230 (1 5 hrs later) a nurse came in with the "discharge papers" which were almost completely blank and we had to write in our ID band numbers. They gave up trying to input information and just wanted us to go. We were exhausted, frustrated and overwhelmed. We had a XXXXX old baby sitting in a waiting room. From a safety standpoint completely irresponsible to not have a nurse assigned. I suffered a post partum hemmorage & experienced light-headedness. What if I fell? Is it my husbands responsibility to find me on the hospital floor when he comes to pick up us? We had wanted to go home immediately after birth, but had to stay because of complications. However, based on the level of intervention and monitoring I believe we would have been better off at home with family + midwife. The whole experience was very negative and marred the memory of birth.
The security bracelet that my baby, husband and I wore that locked down the hospital if he was taken near an exit door, made us feel very secure.
The service & care second to none, felt truly cared for.
The service @ XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was ok - once I got to XXXXXX, the care was very good.
The service was good once we were seen but the wait time to be seen let alone assessed was extremely long.
The situation we were there for was mental health of a child. The crisis nurse knew my son needed help. The dr on call failed to keep him - we got help elsewhere was very disappointed in the outcome of the visit - the crisis nurse was excellent! Too bad the dr didn't listen to her!
The smoking area needs to be improved. Some of the food needs to be improved.
The special care nursery experience was as good as it could be very kind people in there! Baby was early so I did not do a "baby clinic" appt. Labour & delivery nurses were excellent though.
The staff and doctors were courteous, helpful and professional.
The staff and Dr. XXXXX were very helpful and professional
The staff are very good The survey a waste of paper an time an money
The staff at patient registration were excellent as were the nurses The physician did not listen to me & did not do a thorough exam but just dismissed me
The staff at XX treated me with professionalism and dignity.
The staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX caring & efficient.
The staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were amazing! We were in hospital during COVID and were restricted to our room. Your staff went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable and hand anything we needed.
The staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were efficient and diligent. Everyone did a great job.
The staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were excellent in their care.
The staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were very kind.
The staff calmed me down when I arrived still under the influence scared, stubborn and extremely nervous as well as afraid they helped aid me physically and emotionally.
The staff care exceptional but much is taught and spoken of "clearing your mind" and healthy habits, exercise, eating properly. This, while staying her is nearly impossible. I know the reasoning behind many of the restrictions is the safety of staff and patients alike and I can respect that My recommendation however, would be more relaxing activities for patients who are are able to do them I think having yoga classes, clay working, anything which is relaxing should be an option. As well, I do not understand why, in a building that has an indoor courtyard, the which would most benefit from its use, is not situated there The road to recovery is long and it is very hard not to fall back into a depressive state when you are unable to get fresh air and can only walk up and down the hallway Please take this into consideration
The staff did an excellent job. I had an infection in my knee and they had me in and out within an hour and a half with a prescription for antibiotics. Everyone was professional and courteous. The triage nurse had me go straight to her I didn't even have to wait at all. They are doing excellent work.
The staff during my surgery were all exceptional Especially during such difficult times. Many, many thanks + all concerned.
The staff made me feel safe and cared for. They are underpaid and overworked and still do a great job.
The staff on the maternity ward are amazing. Great care and patience.
The staff responded to my acute pain and were very kind
The staff that I had contact with were great. And the volunteers were so friendly and cheerful they are top notch
The staff was amazing, even though the hospital itself was very cold, and the light and sound pollution through the night was the reason I could not sleep through to the morning. -Thanks to the friendly staff!
The staff was amazing, the nurses and dr. took time with me, explained everything and were very kind. The nurse that did the triage was great - he knew what my pre-existing condition was without me explaining and as far as I know it isn't that common.
The staff was great! I just felt it took a long time to see the doctor and then waited a long time for the results.
The staff was great, the only complaint was the doctor who gave me epidural was rude.
The staff was more than willing to make my stay at the hospital as comfortable as possible very courteous. Thank you. Mrs ?
The staff was often overworked ie people off, sick Supervisory staff had to fill in for staff off The physio + occupation staff were excellent and helped me get going
The staff was wonderful a nurse named XXXX helps even provided needed levity. The emergency seemed understaffed for the volume they were managing.
The staff was wonderful and very helpful The surgeon and the anesthesiologist were very explanatory with everything they were going to do during surgery All around very happy with my stay Thank you to the amazing doctors + nurses
The staff were all friendly and informative. This was a shorter than expected duration to obtain care which was great. (Sometimes wait is much longer)
The staff were excellent They were happy & made me laugh often. They were excellent Nice to have a happy atmosphere when you are ill Telemetry is an excellent floor with exceptional staff
The staff were incredible from entry to exit I felt extremely comfortable
The staff were very courteous and professional, arriving, during and release from the day clinic was conducted in a very organized manner. Kudos to all the medical personnel involved to ensure my surgery was a complete success.
The staff were very nice
The staff were very supportive + helpful. If I needed anything they were there in a moment!!! Thanks to the all!!!
The staff were wonderful. I really struggle with anxiety and panic attacks. Staff were wonderful helping keep me calm and feeling secure. I had my service dog in training with me while I waited and staff were very good.
The staff working during my delivery of my missed miscarriage were amazing They were sympathetic, supportive and beyond kind. They made one of the worst days of my life bearable and I am absolutely grateful for that.
The stay was excellent until we were leaving and nurse pulled car seat straps too tightly and my son's face turned purple. We caught it very quickly but it unveiled a procedural issue - not supervising baby for time period after car seat.
The surgery I had was preceded by another surgery the (unreadable) surgery was delayed a full day due to unavailability of operating room. This was a (unreadable) but was informed about the (unreadable) through (unreadable) my waiting times
The surgery was on time very successful results and staff were excellent. The whole day went perfect and smooth.
The symptom cleared up when the bandaid was removed. No further discussion of the symptom, two (unreadable) emergencies come in while I was there
The T.V. reception and internet sucked!! Everything kept freezing up ...
The team that worked on me was very professional and I am glad to have them. Thanks you. Felt very comfortable staying there.
The time for all was excessive.
The triage nurse on duty went above and beyond to get us info on concussions & refer us to a sports clinic for the injury (for follow up & additional info). The doctor said in front of my X year old injured child that another head injury seen after could result in sudden death. Leading to anxiety - preferable to be taken aside for this info.
The triage nurse was answering her questions for me. She was in a hurried mode. The women typing was more patient and understanding. The triage nurse was possibly teaching this woman but she made (me/you) feel small. The healthcare nurse taking info, was excellent!
The truth. Not caring enough never checking out the problems How the hell do they know if not being checked out. The care & hosp is for the birds needs to be looked into, thanks kindly
The TV in my private room worked sporadically.
The two young doctors made me feel that they were efficient and on top of my problem.
The visit took a long time but I got good care. It was a bad time and there were many cases of flu (which I had with pneumonia) at the time. Prescribed drug got me ok in 10 days.
The visit was excellent. Better experience than other emerg visits. Nice having 2 triage nurses instead of only one. Better use of staff.
The visit was for our XX month old son who had a terrible head to toe allergic reaction of some sort. XXXXXXXX was awesome Dr. was kind and thorough even though I knew it was likely nothing they could do I was worried to be perceived as overreacting mom, but did not feel that way at all.
The visit was regarding a kidney stone attack. All personnel were fantastic & most helpful.
The volunteer was great. I think it would be better if patients could be screened out if care is not needed at the beginning of the visit instead of making you wait 5 hours with a child when no treatment will be needed.
The VON that gave me the medication and explained how to administer it was excellent.
The wait at ER was unacceptable.
The wait at XXX in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is always long wait times
The wait in emerg was very long. I slept in a chair the first night. The hospital was very busy.
The wait in emergency for a bed was very disappointing - 11 hrs
The wait time in XXXXXX is horrible, and the health care is rushed I feel because so busy. I feel they are over worked so are unable to give the care they would like to.
The wait time to see the doctor was too long. I felt not taken seriously by the doctor. He simply told me I had a viral infection & to go home. No offer of inhaler to help with breathing. I was sick for a month after.
The wait time was over two hours. I had a broken pelvis
The wait time was unbelievable, and I sure hope this survey helps with ensuring faster service at our Emergency Departments.
The wait time was very long.
The wait times are excessive but I understand the reasons. If a true emergency is present the service is ASAP.
The wait times are too long.
The wait times are too long. To see doctor the triage personnel should have more authority. He could have ordered x-ray from his exam and that would have speeded up time.
The wait times to see a doctor are ridiculously long. No one in any type of pain should have to wait 2 hours to see a doctor. Tired of wrong diagnoses and missed diagnoses.
The wait was 3+ hours for 1 stitch
The wait was too long for someone make sure I was comfortable in the day surgery area! There are never any pillows available for patients and is very uncomfortable because of this.
The wait was too long!!
The wait was unacceptable X yr old child, history of seizures hit in head @ school Sent home suggested immediate medical assessment Made to wait in waiting room over 6 hours dx @ discharge concussion She was in pain headache, light sensitive, vomiting. Visit was like taking my child to a vet not a doctor We would have driven to XXXXXX, but fear of seizure made us attend XXXXXX In general we never attend XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. We drive over an hour to a proper hospital XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX should be investigated for extremely bad care and skill We observed numerous others in a real medical emergency waiting Also observed staff doing nothing but sitting not caring for not checking on patients. Your issue that day was not enough doctors or educated doctor or doctor who actually wanted to treat people. Horrible care! Can't say it enough
The wait with the ambulance people in emergency was very long. All the hospital staff were caring and treated me well.
The waiting time is terrible.
The waiting time to see a doctor is too long, especially if you are in a lot of pain. That is why we go to a emergency dept because it is serious and needed to get help. I don't go to emergency if I don't need to. You need a better system
The waiting time was very long.
The waiting times are way too long for a child with asthma
The way staff are treated by patients and visitors is at times very inappropriate. Staff seem to handle be recipients of yelling, and swearing fairly frequently. Overall great care!
The were the best, can not say enough about XXXXXXXX emergency They were great.
The white board in the patient's room should be updated on a regular basis to form/improve communication between staff and patient!
The whole experience was very professional
The windows in palliative care let to cold drafts, so I was too cold till I got a crochet blanket. Need an engineer solution that works.
The woman in admitting was very pleasant, the triage nurse was okay, but my experience with the doctor was very brief and very unhelpful I waited over two hours to see him and he basically shrugged me off I told him the issue and he didn't ask any questions or do any sort of assessment to come up with a solution No testing of any sort recommended would recommend the hospital, but ask for another doctor
The working staff on the floor were always smiling, friendly, helpful workers well together and over worked Know what they are doing and do exactly and have trip from other professional
The worst experience of our visit was the nurse when we first got there. Made us feel very uncomfortable as though we shouldn't bother her. Doctor was wonderful.
The worst parking lot in the world.
The XXXXXXXX & XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was more than excellent and I have the utmost respect for both hospital. XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The XXXXXXXX location is fantastic I would never go to XXXXXX emerge again.
The XXXXXXXXXXXXX site is a very good local hospital. They are professional yet provide a level of compassionate care that is locally treasured by myself and other residents.
The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX should have a department that specializes in children like the XXXXXXXXX hospital in XXXXXX does so people that can't drive can be comfortable with going to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX instead of having to go hour out of there way to XXXXXX to get the proper care they need for there children XXXXXX hospital should have a spot for children in the hospital just for them so they can play and be a/or child/ren...
The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX the wait times are terrible. I usually go to XXXXXXXX instead I only go to XXXXXX as a last resort if I can't get out ot XXXXXXXX.
The young doctor that treated me was very nice and easy to understand which helped greatly as I was very scared. Understanding & being understood is important and this was done.
Their should be positive music in the lounge, create positive vibrations for the patients, who are struggling with mental problems. Keeps their mind out of the gutter!
Therapy dog
Therapy room is small this is a important to the patients T.V.s are a ripoff 4 times the price of cable
There are no questions re dietary/meals. This is also an important part of any hospital stay & in healing!! During m y stay, food service fell short. No choices available & food provided was tepid or "cold" as well as inappropriate for my diet!!
There are to many doctors and nurses telling you all different things, you don't know who to listen to, who to believe. One doesn't know what the other one is doing, they don't listen to you, they don't like you to question them. There's a different one every week with their own ideas. A lot of times you don' get the answers you need. It's very confusing, it fills you with anxiety and fear, there were a lot of mistakes made that put me in the hospital and it need to happen if they would just take the time and care to really listen it's never happened over and over again and me, and my family pay the price for it because of this. Not being able to have any family here with me of course made everything so hard both ways, very stressful. When I left the hospital, not everything about the medications and the changes and such were properly explained to me, then I had to struggle to get the answers myself. Which I'm still trying to do, there needs to be more consistent care, or better communication. Thanks, just because I'm older doesn't mean I don't matter.
There is a lack of stairway access, for people that can't handle elevators (ie my wife).
There is a shortage of nurses, etc Shift schedules change people too often My doctor was not yet with hospital privileges - assigned doctor was hard to find to discuss?
There is no question for #41 I answered questions 49-50-51-52-53 But I felt and still feel it is none of your business really & should be removed!!
There is no reason anyone should have to wait 45 minutes just to get triaged. It's also crazy to have to sit in the waiting room 3-6 hours before you see a doctor. When you are going there to get a migraine treatment would you want to sit in a waiting room for 3 hours before you got put into a room? With the size of XXXXXX and only one emergency department they need to have more nurses and doctors on duty to move people through the department faster, Most people when they go to the emergency department they have a problem that needs to be taken care of. Sitting and waiting as long as you have to at the hospital doesn't help!! I have sat at home and suffered with a migraine because i don't want to sit in a packed noisy waiting room to get looked at and a treatment. I waited 3 days with my last migraine before i went and got looked at and the only reason i went is because I couldn't handle the pain anymore. Then to have to wait again forever for treatment stressed me out even more!! NEED MORE STAFF IN THE EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT!!!!
There is not a lot of privacy in an emergency setting and you can overhear other pts and their issues. I overheard a very frightened elderly gentleman in the bay beside me. He was scared and emotional. The staff gave him very personal & positive care. They spent time with him even though it was busy. I was impressed by their committed endeavors to help this man when he needed it
There needs to be a lactation consultant on staff or perhaps more then one. There was no available lactation consultant on nor did any nurse have any idea about breast feeding. Very insistent on formula feeding. I was unable to see a lactation consultant due to COVID. My baby was tongue tied and ended up having to travel to Dr. XXXXXX's clinic to be treated that is all the way in XXXXXXXXXX. I was very discouraged by the help that was not given for breastfeeding within the hospital setting.
There seemed to be a disconnect between the 2 emerg centres as I originally went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXX then was sent to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXX; in my opinion 2 hours wait was too long. I would like to list the nurses that assisted me during my initial stay: XXXXXX, XXXXXX, XXXXXXX, XXXXX, XXXXXX, XXXXX, XXXX, XXXXX, XXXXX, XXX, surgery anesthetist, DR. XXXXXX, and the nurse who assisted in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to get things sorted on the surgery floor. During my 2nd admission: Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX, Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX, Dr. XXXXXXX, XXXX, XXXXXXX XXXXXXX (x2), XXXXXXX, XXXX, XXXXX, XXXXX, XXXX, XXXXX, XXXXX, XXXXXXXX, XXXXX, ICU nurse, XXXXXXX, all the student nurses, XXXXX, XXXXXX, XXXXX, XXXXX and XXXXXXX.
There should be a question on this questionnaire about the food On a scale from 1-10 I would give it a 3
There was 1 major bully, said "if you think your going to get treatment like you did on last shift your wrong" Shoved commode into space No greeting etc. I had been given a laxative Very rough night, her not coming right away Left on commode 1 hour Got myself into bed + more Was not told about a change BP pill until leaving pharmacist quite rude + listening to me, called her on it (unreadable) and she didn't follow up Several/most extremely good + (unreadable)
There was a food server/found and heard speak to patients in a most inpatient and seemed to be what I consider a mean individual. Spoke to someone stating "I'm not a nurse" I mentioned this to a family member and she "overheard" me express my concerns had or has no patience what so ever I was told that with 24/25 patients to feed (by a nurse) just no time to what I would say "be kind" some people are older or don't know who is who in a hospital - really don't need someone "barking" at them like a general. I feel if you don't like your job - then find something that you do like! Absolutely no excuse whatsoever to treat people this way. Because I spoke out - my requests for tea or whatever - was so to say "put on the back burner. I just waited for family members to bring me what i needed I do realize that everyone is extremely busy - but again - if she was not listening to my conversation how would she have known that I was mentioning her - I did not use any name whatsoever she just took offense to what she overheard - not very professional and easily annoyed by people. I just feel that there are too many people looking for work - if you don't like your job - "quit" people are in the hospital because of an illness - and do not need this! Thank you for reading this! My overall stay and care was explanatory!!
There was a lady (sadly I didn't catch her name) she was cleaning/collecting bedsheets when I had pushed the call button as my arem was bleeding a lot from where they removed my IV from. She was very calm asked me to apply pressure while she went to grab a nurse. She was wonderful and made me calm when I didn't know what to do!
There was a mix up on my surgery time - Day surgery preop told me to be there 11:50 surgery at 2:00 PM. I received a phone call @ 9:30 stating I should have been there @ 8:30 AM (surgery 8:30)
There was a nurse named XXXXX I just have 1 word for her "amazing" Couldn't of had a more caring nurse Thank you
There was a significant complication during my procedure and nobody notified the person there with me She was left worrying for hours beyond when I should have been done. The anesthesiologist did not appear like she knew what she was doing.
There was no anesthesiologist available at my labour and delivery. I was unable to receive an epidural.
There was no one waiting for triage when I arrived I had to wait over 20 minutes for triage while 3 staff had a discussion in triage Not impressed!
There was no problems with the XXXXXXXX ER site. However, the XXXXXX site visits were not as amicable. However, long waits, family member not allowed to go in with me. Felt like we were under attack when at the ER in XXXXXX as the security.
There was one nurse who has no bedside manners. Rude and made me feel uncomfortable whether she entered the room day or night I hesitated and at times wouldn't ring the call bell knowing she would come in angry or with attitude P.S. Rarely do I press the call button unless I really need help
There was uncertainty about starting back up on previous medications. I was told to contact my doctor, however I was released on XXXXXXXX PM and has office closed at noon and is not open XXXXXX. It was XXXXXX before I could contact them.
There were only 3 people ahead of me but it took a long time until it was my turn.
There were times I felt that the nurses viewed the patients as a nuisance.
These answers are in reference to my visit to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I went to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and had an absolutely horrible experience I waited 4 hours to see someone after being in a serious automobile accident earlier that day Service was very poor there
These nurses and doctors deserve so much more credit for what they do. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - I always feel well taken care of even more than my own doctor!
These surveys seem like a waste of taxpayer money. All those mail outs...
They are to slow, don't care how long they make you wait, then when you see a doctor they just push you in + out as fast as they can. No compassion at all makes us feel we are worthless.
They couldn't have done any better!
They did a good job the only concern, when I'm in hospital for 2 days stay, no cleaner or janitor came to my washroom or change/remove the garbage. Also (unreadable) sweep the floor I'm in private room my 2 garbage bins is full.
They did a great job as possible (unreadable) they (unreadable)
They did a great job very impressed
They do the best the can. Should have more doctors.
They enlightened me as to how sick I really was which was good to know. And may have saved my life. XXXXXXXXXXXX
They gave me a diabetes pill I don't normally take caused diarrhea had to use a commode no sink no water skin got irritated only given Kleenex and cup of water to clean with - I have private coverage but had to stay in semi with curtains closed around me entire time. - Disgusting!
They gave my dentures away too somebody else. Not happy.
They had no one qualified to see me on duty - Went home and came the very next day to see someone qualified XXXXXXXXXXXX
They helped me more than I needed. I wanted to walk down to my car, but did not let me.
They ignored my pain for multiple hours
They lost me my daughter. Phoned to see how I was and the nurse informed her that I was not on the list, so they must have admitted me. After three hours I asked why everyone who came in after me was treated and left that's when a nurse asked who I was and admitted they lost me I was treated and sent home (Good thing I have a sense of humor)
They move you at least 5x's in a five hour period. Very uncomfortable when in pain I prefer XXXXXXXX over XXXXXX because doesn't take as long But I still appreciate being seen
They need to see people quicker so that they aren't spending the whole day there
They released me too soon and I ended up back in there 2 wks later in much serious condition.
They saved my life
They should change our bed more. They should have more gluten free food. They should have a toaster to cook gluten free bread in and more of a menu for gluten free food. They should know more about gluten free food.
They should listen more closely! Bathed quicker then days later
They thought I had a TIA, but it wasn't inner ear, vertigo?
They took a swab & called when culture came back to let me know the proper antibiotic was prescribed & to return or see our pediatrician if infection did not resolve
They took people in to see doctor who came afterwards and it doesn't seem as if nurses care. Dr was very caring.
They was great & treated me with kindness.
They were excellent. Helped me so much. Showed me how to breastfeed, bath. Answered all my questions, answered my call bell right away. Managed my pain always Great staff!!
They were fantastic!!
They were very caring all the nurses & caring. The doctor was very good. They was great.
They were very professional was in good hands with my surgeon "Dr. XXXXXXXXX" very personable for a dr. Usually all business (not a good or bad trait surgeons (all business) that's what they do ...
This being my first pregnancy, I'd have to say all the nurses were very kind, informative, and made me feel comfortable the day I gave birth. However, a few of things I would mention is that the room my husband , my new born and myself slept in the night of our stay reached a very high temperature where we were all sweating. We had to ask for a fan and it was still too hot. I would hope in the future perhaps patients can have a more comfortable sleep. Also, the next day I did have nurses check on me to see how I was feeling but there was only 2 times I rang my call bell. Once for Towles so I could shower and once for a glass of iced water. Due to the fact that I couldn't leave my room because of COVID, I had to wait for a nurse to come to my room. I had to wait hours for towels and water. It was only when they came to check on me again that I had to ask again for Towles and water . I work in health care myself and understand it gets busy. But twice I felt neglected and even though it was not life or death I still would hope that next time nurses could accommodate in a timely manner. Lastly, when I was leaving the hospital I was being checked out but I had no one offer to help me leave. I wasn't offered a wheel chair or anything and I was still very sore.
This care was for my XXX year old He received IV antibiotics and sent home with it Everyone was so kind and caring and helped me stay calm as well! 100% great care
This comment is about my wife's visit to the emergency this department should keep the stressed patient in the loop instead my wife waited in a cubicle.
This Covid-19 virus pandemic has forced many procedures which hampers the dispensation of efficient emergency healthcare The emergency staff are trying their best
This Emergency at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Hospital in XXXXXXXXXXXX
This emergency department could be run so much better. It has wasted space, you have walled rooms when you should just have curtains, that's going to give you more spots for patients to get in and started, which will give the drs more flexibility when dealing with people, I understand you added that 2 hr wait but it's just such a waste of time, the other note I will add is that you need to fix your waiting area at this hospital, the fact the people are sick and hurt and that there's not enough chairs! What the hell is that. There should be at least 20- 30 chairs in a waiting room. I do recommend that this hospital have a walk in clinic added to it, that would cut about 60 - 70% of the patients that are going into your emergency department. I just feel it could be so much better you have great friendly dr's, the nurses are pretty good and the people working the desks were probably the un - friendliest that I've ever dealt with.
This emergency dept visit was to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX)
This emergency visit was really good for the first time. Usually there was always 3-6 hours wait time no matter how sick I was or the person I took. Awful
This ER visit was a horrible experience. Had to dr. did a CT scan to rule out my pain - It would have been discovered that I had a kidney stone lodged in my ureter. Would have allowed me to have surgery and remove sooner.
This experience was at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I prefer the care there as opposed to XXXXXXXXXXX
This form was actually sent to my son - but since I had taken my granddaughter to the ER in XXXXX today and had a horrible experience I have decided to fill it out - my son's experience at XXXXXXXXX ER was much better than mine. On arriving at ER the waiting room had 4 people all waiting, we were registered by a very unfriendly nurse sent to wait in designated area. Although I must admit she couldn't have been that miserable because she sure could laugh and carry on with her co-workers - About an hour after our wait (broken arm on granddaughter another yount girl came in with same (broken arm). But the mother had on scrubs was obviously employed by hosp - she was quickly taken to xray without waiting. We were then taken to room, asked for an ice pack and was told 'I will see if I can find one' - an hour later she finally returns with one (approx 2 hours in at this point), now we wait another hour finally a doctor arrives, says she will send us to xray but first we will get pain meds. Finally after another hour nurse comes in with meds, and we go to xray - wait there then back to ER and wait another 2 hours - All toll our wait and experience was 6+ hours and very frustrating and seeing the other young girl with same broken arm leave in under one hour, was more than unfair. Just because a nurse goes to ER her treatment should be the same + would not have been as near infuriating if we all waited the same. In all of our wait times we were never in areas that were packed with patients. Being that I was with a younger girl you would think a nurse registering us could at least made some effort to make my granddaughter feel at ease. The people around me were all angry and saying we would be treated as humans and not all corralled like animals left to rot. In closing my start to finish at the XXXXXX emergency dept earned a (-1) that's minus one! Why was the other girl out in less than one hour? I watcher her leave!!! I realize priority goes to the sickest but certainly not to the favourite or friend. In closing I will admit 'XXX' the volunteer rated a 10 and I was very sad to see him go. I did make some friends during our wait times as we all were getting very frustrated. Even the lady with the bleeding head had to wait for the young girl and her mom!! Tell me the fairness there. Thanks. If you want my name so you know I am not just a random complainer!!! XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
This happened XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXX site
This hospital has extremely small bathrooms Bed was not good
This hospital is a scent free hospital, however I had a nurse that wore a lot of perfume and stunk of heavy smoke. One the evening of me being day 1 post-op once my night medications were given I did not have a nurse check on me the rest of the night. I feel that the hospital on this unit doesn't have enough night nurses working.
This hospital stay ending XXXXXXXXXXXXXX restored my confidence in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. A caring attitude was truly prevalent, my medical condition was dealt with promptly and professionally
This hospital would be better if teaching hospital
This is a ridiculous survey.
This is a small hospital in a small community - less than 6k population
This is an excellent hospital and I have never waited this long at XXXXXXXXXXXX A lot of sick kids and an emergency. Felt infection was more than the medication could deal with but better now.
This is an ongoing procedure that I am completely aware of
This is for our son XXXXXX who had a persistent cough & finally x-rays were done (even though dr. seemed like he didn't want to do them) & he had pneumonia 3 weeks later same thing! Multiple visits to emerg & our healthcare providers. He still is battling a cough & is seeing Dr. XXXXXXX. He had Xrays 3 times already in his XXXXXX. Within a week he was seen at emerg 3 times & our family dr. in between & nurse practitioner. Nurse practitioner.
This is for XXXXXXXXXXXX not XXXXXXXXX The ER requested an ultrasound from XXXXXXXXX Went to my own dr XXXXXXX who re-requested the ultrasound received call from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXX for examine on XXXXXXX
This is my second time to have this done - so I was (unreadable) at (unreadable) with this.
This is the first great experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I thought I was in a different town, during my last trip there Thank you! Hope you continue to improve the care of your patients.
This is total waste of money which could be used to other improvements or better wages for hospital staff
This is XXXXXXXXXXX I was in hospital in XXXXXX that's 6 months ago.
This particular stay was excellent. Rehab has it really down pat. Surgical & ER could learn from rehab.
This particular visit to emerg was a good experience The one in XXX - exact opposite.
This patient had a head injury and remembers nothing about her stay at Bluewater Health. Although at the time, she said, "The staff here are so nice!".
This procedure was a cystoscopy. I have every year. The one thing that did impress me is the way the whole procedure was streamlined.
This questionnaires was addressed to MR. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I find that offensive.
This stay I found the bathroom toilet was not kept clean
This stay occurred just as the Covid 19 episode was falling upon us I was released earlier than planned thankfully
This stay was much improved from my first in XXXX when I had my daughter staff seemed more helpful & caring this time. I always felt supported
This survey did not include meal experiences therefore I would like to add my compliments to a subject that has been maligned over the years - things have certainly improved
This survey Tried to complete survey online. Link provided in cover letter did not work!!
This visit good very friendly volunteer, encountered 1 nurse triage. Observed some people leaving not wanting to wait as waiting room was filling up not having seen triage nurse.
This visit occurred during height of Covid-19 lock down so I don't feel this visit represents a typical emergency department encounter as there seemed to be extra triage personnel but few patients
This visit was before (Covid-19)
This visit was for an eye infection due to reaction to allergy to disinfectant
This visit was for my daughter who needed 1 stitch to seal a cut. The doctor complained about too many patients yet he took 3.5 hrs to place 1 stitch We could have been gone in 15 mins clearing the room for him.
This visit was handled professionally. Previous visit required insistence to be placed in bed. Intake doesn't understand or appear to care if patients in severe distress. They're focused on numbers of people with limited triage. If I was to focus training it would be on intake. They're overwhelmed by far too many patients & too few resources. Thanks
This visit was short and sweet and even though I was greatly embarrassed the staff made me feel as much at ease as I could be. There was not a huge wait this time but in previous times I have waited 6-10 just to be seen. So I was happy with this visit.
This visit was the result of two visits on the same night. The first visit was aborted because I was waiting too long. I returned a few hours later and still had to wait an overly long time. I was suffering from a asthma attack. I left 1st time because some other patient in waiting room was wearing perfume (aggravated the asthma - but the triage nurse did nothing to alleviate the situation.
This visit was to XXXX in XXXXXXXX. It is an extremely valuable centre that serves our rural community in an exemplary way. I greatly prefer XXXX over XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXX
This visit was to XXXXXXXXXXXXX
This visit was to XXXXXXXXXXXXX Not XXXXXXXXXX Emerg. in XXXXXXXX. (1) Caring nurses & doctors! (2) Extremely professional & courteous. (3) Fast & efficient service!
This was a emergency surgery that was rushed when day surgery was closed. Did not have contact with very many people.
This was a first admitted stay in XXXXXXXXXXXXXX and it was the best I ever did experience in my XX years. XX
This was a follow up visit for a second xray on a possible broken wrist that was splinted. I wish that we had not had to go to the ER the second time without an 'appointment' per say, as we waiting quite a long time compared to the first visit when the injury actually happened. We were also then referred to ambulatory care after the second appointment, so in some ways it felt like an unnecessary step to take this second visit when we were referred to Ambulatory care anyways. I'm sure there was a reason; but an actual 'appointment' time rather than 'come back to the ER in a week and we'll re-assess' would have been a better use of time.
This was a trip for my infant son (X year) after 3 days of antibiotic not working It was also the very beginning of Covid 19 (no cases in XXXXXX yet) We were cared for in an efficient + timely manner and all staff was wonderful. The women who brought us back to the exam room was a little grumpy but overall it was awesome.
This was an eye problem Hospital does not have a lot of equipment for eye problem However the dr did follow up very quickly to my eye dr + I had an appointment with eye specialist in 1 day Excellent referral + quick
This was during Covid - therefore emergency dept was not overly busy since people were not going into emerge dept
This was filled out by his daughter Dad is non-verbal, unable to read. I was with him most of his stay
This was filled out by XXXXXXX's mother as he is X years old.
This was my 2nd total knee replacement in less than a year. Both times I was very happy with the care provided.
This was my 3rd emergency department visit in less than 2 months for bronchitis. I was 35 weeks pregnant at the time of the XXXXXX visit and I really think I should've been made more of a priority since I was so sick that I could hardly walk - and I was pregnant which is the most important thing. It took me most of the day to receive the care that I needed and I feel like that put me and my baby at risk I didn't feel like the doctor or nurse were listening to me in the way that I expected since I was pregnant and very worried about my baby.
This was my first time being a patient & having surgery. It was a very positive experience I cannot say enough good about my experience!
This was my first time having day surgery at XXXXXXXXX. Overall I had a bad experience! My husband and I got a hotel the night before because we had to be at hospital at 6 am and my surgery wasn't until 12! I realize I needed to get an IV for a few hours before but I was mad because the nurses tried 3 times to put it in and the last one they put in didn't even work! The IV didn't even drip so I got dehydrated and felt horrible. Then when I told them they couldn't believe it, maybe if one of them came in to check me they would of know. So I was already nervous to get my surgery done and then that didn't work so I was upset and crying. My husband had to calm me down in the room, they take you before surgery. The anesthesiologist ended up giving me an IV while I was going into my surgery! Finally when I got home in XXXXXX, I was throwing up from not having a proper IV. A few weeks later I got an infection and didn't feel right I had a lump near my incision & and all my doctor said was I don't know what that could be and was in my room for 2 mins! I ended up going to emerge in XXXXXX to get another IV and antibiotics! Also my incision was stitched up horrible! It still doesn't feel and look right! Overall I would never recommend the doctor I had! Or the surgery, was the worse surgery ever!
This was my third birth so it was expected that I was "left alone" after more than my first birth and the floor was very busy with new moms but the nurses were available when I called.
This was my third episode of this type. I told drs. about my tests I had the last time but they did not seem to want to know or look them up. Sometimes the patient knows what is going on and drs. need to appreciate that.
This was my visit to XXXXXX department I did have one to XXXXXXXX I would answer that visit somewhat different.
This was not my first time for this procedure
This was only a pre-op visit to see the surgeon who was to later do the surgery.
This was our 2nd visit in 2 years for our daughter. Both times we received great care and all staff were fantastic. Both visits we were on vacation
This was the best emergency care I've had at this hospital. I wish they always were like this.
This was the best experience I've had in hospital well organized courteous and professional lot class all the way.
This was the second xray with no diagnosis at the emergency dept.
This was the XXXXXXXXXXXXXX not XXXXXX wait times there are hours!
This was very good service
This was XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
Thought I was having heart attack. Treated me quickly, + great My thanks
Thought the visit was overall excellent - Just a little slow
Three trips to ER on the third got results I had pneumonia was given antibiotics
Time in waiting room could be shorter
Time spent with doctor was 3 minutes or less, most of that time was spent with doctor discussing a man's toe on the other side of a curtain. The time and care spent could have been done as a walk up window appointment or drive through My illness was dealt with as, here is a drug. If something is wrong this drug will kill it.
Timely & careful care given.
To a cancer patient had stroke & surgeries 11 yr ago wife has all my info in journal & told nurse when finally got in was with EMS over 1 hr before sent to waiting room, where all were sick, coughing out there 4 hr before going back I asked for urine sample bottle x2 before getting it Could have showed bladder inf immed said she forgot Heard her tell another nurse he had chemo with bad side effects Gave up after 2 wks Very sick because of this
To answer these questions is a "waste" of my time and (unreadable) You should focus on the "food" served to patient - that is not eaten and returned - to go to garbage Not one lunch or dinner that should have ever served "Hot", was even "warm" People who are in "Hospital" need nourishing food to help them recover. I carried in lunch and dinner for my Husband every day so he would eat - XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX If you wish to discuss!!
To be acknowledged when coming in. The take a number process is way too impersonal!
To convey to patient that they are not being brushed off. I was told to see a neurologist and that was it. No further explanation of what the dr believed it was or maybe expressing she didn't know.
To get better so you can leave the hospital as quickly as possible you need good food. The food on a scale of 0-10 was 2 & needs a major upgrade. Fortunately, my wife provided lunch and supper. I had a stroke and was told when I left the hospital that I would be contacted about outpatient physio therapy. As of today, XXXXXXXXXXXX, I have not been contacted
To long
To long and parking is too much for seniors. The first survey I am sorry but my dog got it and chewed it up. "Sorry"
To long wait time.
To make sure the give you your med list before you leave as they forgot too we had to go back in to get it I felt like they were rushing me out the door.
To whom it may concern I have not answered the questionnaire because there are questions on the form that I take offense to. My experience in the ER was excellent with all nurses, staff + doctors pleasant + kind Questions I did not approve of # 43, 44, 45, 46, 47
To Whom It May concern. Ms XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is presently in a nursing home. Excuse my sarcasm but how can a XX year old lady with cognitive issues give you an accurate assessment of her hospital stay? Regards XXXXXXXXXX (POA) XXXXXXXXXXXX
To whom should I address my concerns about the parking meters which were not properly functioning and caused me a lot of unnecessary stress before I got to the emergency dept.
Told Dr. (XXXXXXX) was allergic to a pain med, still prescribed had reaction, took 5 hrs for Benadryl after being on good pain meds every 3-4 hrs, was sent home on just my script from my dr (before admit) was not enough was released with soft set still in my leg. Was not given a pain med to wean nor help with pain off of what was given during stay. Pain was 20/10 for 6 days + after release. I am not an addict nor want to ever be one. Though weaning off; having some comfort after discharge is a novel, great idea, utter BS. Doctor did not listen nor care though stated would give 5 days of pain relief to help that was a lie. 4 people heard & witnessed what she said, then, lied when pharmacist explained meds & what dr said was not there when confronted (nicely) doctor would not stay, explain nor, suggest anything. Very upset, a lying doctor is not what people need. My upcoming surgery will be in XXXXXX, never here in XXXXXX again.
Told me to go to the ER should I have any problems. I got an infection and had to go to the ER and they treated me just terrible. I was very sick and did not appreciate being an inconvenience to them 'twice'!
Too busy at night. Prevents me to have a good night sleep cleaning or not done systematically.
Too long of a wait in the ER hallway before getting a room also hate 4th floor cardiac full of XX year olds with the call button implanted in their thumb, constant constant, constant...bs.
Too long of a wait XX yrs old and was at emergency room for 10 hrs.
Too long Very tiring Waiting for tests etc 6 1/2 hours but good tests & care given.
Too long wait times for help with pain
Too many administrates one hand not knowing what the other hand was doing. I will be speaking to XXXXXXXXX about my concerns MPP XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Too many bad experiences to write in this box!
Too many junkies. Get them their "own" emerg. You know what they're looking for! They also sit in there just to stay warm. You never know how many are waiting for actual treatment or are just freeloading. I've left because of that.!
Too many nurses asking the same questions
Too much admin, not enough doctors My condition required a physical examination and tests, none of which were done These tests (DBD, physically touching each area at pain, would have provided an x-ray even to find the many cancerous lesions in my chest + abdomen
Too much bureaucracy! Not enough help for nursing staff! Cut administration money and use for more nurses need more help for nurses and decent cafeteria open 24 hrs
Too much of same food Food cold when served Chicken breasts dried out and tough
Too much walking.
Too often simple requests for water, buzzer etc. were met but items were placed where I could not reach them - this was particularly disturbing considering my injuries - a bit more attention to completing the task properly would have helped.
Too quick to commit to a diagnosis, in my case heart failure turned out to pneumonia years earlier, my wife was diagnosed with heart failure, treated with wrong meds, correct diagnosis made at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Took my son who is a XXXXXXX cause of severe sore throat & fever dr never checked his throat but gave him a chest xray when his chest was clear! Said he was fine! Had to go back 2 days later to find out he has strep throat. Thanks to the nursing practitioner he checked and gave him medication right away. For this we are thankful.
Took way too long to get lab results, otherwise sufficient care
Top rate hospital & great therapy Definitely a 10 of 10 Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Total stay - 5 weeks during first 2 weeks was weak and confused while waiting to find out what was going on. Had to change rooms 4 times during this period which only added to more confusion (my only complaint)
Total waste of time. Been going to emergency for a year and a half with abdominal pan and no one can or wants to diagnose the problem. Just get sent home with no answers
Treated like a "king"
Treated very well at the emergency visit on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Treated very well from all the hospitals staff.
Treated very well Thank you
Treated very well!
Treatment to the elders could be much better. Disappointed by male nurse. Need humble practices + repeat what it is to be LOVE
Treatment was prompt & fine however - no follow up - I was on a gurney after tests run for over 2 hours, at which time I left without results, advice etc.
Triage - the assignment of urgency to illnesses to decide the order of treatment. This was not taken into consideration the night I visited I had a miscarriage and waited for 2+ hours to see a doctor. Meanwhile, countless others arrived with minor injuries (back problems, sprained foot, cough) & were treated before me I was in utter shock! There was an elderly lady who had fallen & had clearly bumped her head (she had huge bruising evident on her face) and she waited longer than me!!! This was very frustrating that night nurses/doctors were great, but the triage system was not taken into account that night very disappointing! Especially for first time parents, terrible service.
Triage nurse (male) was great -> gave Tylenol for fever
Triage nurse was very unpleasant (half hour to see her) 3 others beside myself in emergency room took all three of us within 5 min of each other (after our 30 min wait) only saw one other nurse & doctor both very pleasant.
Triage staff could greatly improve their empathy towards patients and improve their bedside manners My visit felt very transactional and abrupt with the exception of the emergency physician.
TV programs (terrible) No TV guide
Twice in emergency I was misdiagnosed. Two days later a CAT scan showed a bowel blockage.
Two thumbs up to all who work at the hospital
Unaware I would be given Ativan & Hydromorphone before procedure. Told the nurse Hydromorphone makes me vomit, she gave it to me anyway. Vomited twice after procedure. During the second time there was no one there to help me in the washroom. Had to find someone to tell them that I was sick in the wastebasket there was no one on the floor around 4:30pm. Not too impressed.
Unbelievable wait to see anybody once brought into the ER was ignored for hours No one check on me to explain the wait, at times could not find a nurse around being left in a recliner and no one stopped by to check up on me or after even a drink or blanket, very sad.
Under the circumstances due to the Covid.?
Under the circumstances very well looked after.
Understaff, they did more doctors on
Understandably, with Covid-19 family + friends were not allowed in hospital; past admitting We did not have their support.
Understanding staff, clear indication of treatment options Felt supported for the most part.
Unfortunately I did not have a positive experience at XXX. I was originally sent to the emerge department via ambulance and spent the next 30 hrs there. With no food, and no phone access to call my wife to give updates. They decided to release me with no source of help that I needed at home and no discharge papers to explain what medicines were needed and when the last dose was taken. My wife had asked for an occupational therapist to clear me first as I was unable to walk. No one was available and a XXXXXX transfer service was called to pick me up and take me home. XXXXXX plunked me in a chair in the living room and that is where I stayed for the next 30 hours. From there my condition worsened and I was forced to call an ambulance once again to take me back to XXX. Within 4 hours, I was admitted for 8 days. The first few days I was well taken care of, but with short staff, I was often forgot about. Asking for a simple glass of water with some more pain meds I was sometimes waiting up to 2 1/2 hours.
Unfortunately most meals were awful and repetitive. Obvious not made on site. Asked for white bread never did get it best food tuna sandwich and lasagna.
Unpleasant
Up until my last day there my treatment & care was good. Until I seen a new OR on that floor he was very rude, abrasive and just projected that he just didn't want to be there.
Upon discharge dr forgot to write quantity on prescription I was given He cut medication I was on in hospital was not explained whether I needed it or not Length of time to wait for discharge was over 4 hrs after being told by dr I could go.
Usually I have long waits and the staff is grumpy and rude. The last day I went it was a nice change.
Very "thankful" for the health care
Very caring and courteous staff! In XXXXXXXX
Very caring people and most professional
Very clean and organized hospital * Staff very friendly and helpful
Very clean Excellent care
Very clean The nurse's were great & helpful Thank you Thanks to the doctor's
Very clean, efficient, friendly.
Very clean, professional, underpaid, overworked nurses put up with way too much BS in emerg after 11pm food was excellent
Very clean.
Very comfortable
Very comfortable with staff.
Very compassionate towards myself and my fiance about the fact that we just lost out baby.
Very coordinated Clean Relaxing Quiet
Very courteous & helpful
Very efficient - Staff seemed to enjoy their jobs and their patients
Very efficient and helpful. My wife couldn't go in because of the covid rules. I was treated very well and they contacted my urologist and he followed up
Very efficient care + treatment Very satisfied
Very efficient Very fast Felt competent with all of the professionals treated with dignity
Very efficient.
Very efficient. Very clean facility.
Very glad for everyone at & in XXXXX care above & beyond excellent XXXXXXXXX stay over 3 days care 100% caring above & beyond surgery originally for XXXXX delayed one month Very thankful to XXXXX doctor's & everyone XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXX
Very good
Very good care
Very good day.
Very good hospital - need this in our community Please keep me open!!
Very good hospital I was happy to get help their XXXXXXXXXXXX
Very good hospital. Don't have bandages enough supplies for any special need either in emerg or after admission. I hope you can find a way to support this
Very good service
Very good service
Very good visit.
Very good XXXXXXXXXXXX
Very good. I am a general practitioner on staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for 50 yrs & many of the nursing knew me from professional contacts over the years.
Very good. No complains.
Very grateful for XXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Very happy Good staff!
Very happy is my visit. Would talk to anyone about my visit. Thanks. XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
Very happy with everything
Very happy with the care I received Excellent emerg dept.
Very happy with the care I received!
Very helpful and efficiently run emergency department.
Very helpful experience
Very helpful staff - when going between dept (re emerg to x-ray) you were carefully guided, you never felt dumped off or confused about where you were supposed to be or if anyone knew you were waiting You went from one person into the care of the next.
Very helpful Very satisfied Thank you!!!
Very impressed overall. Was treated very well. Excellent staff.
Very impressed with quality of service & staff.
Very impressed with the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Very intelligent girls - wow. The overall staff deserves a fruit bowl. I think some young nurses need to be taught some (unreadable) manners
Very long wait for being pregnant & uncomfortable. Also machines in my room were going off for 15 mins before nurse stopped it.
Very long wait to triage and register ... about 45 minutes. No wait at all to see dr Need to speed up the triage/reg process!!
Very long waits
Very much appreciated essential surgery and staff during early COVID days
Very nice people to deal with, courteous, respectful, knowledgeable, helpful, very happy overall. XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Very noisy in halls @ 5:45 in morning - loud personal talk between staff. - Was only offered towel & wash cloth one day out of 5.
Very pleased with care/stay at XXXXXXXXXXXX. Treated with care & respect by all. Felt I was in very good hands.
Very pleased with my experience very efficient.
Very pleased with staff + caregivers thank you
Very pleased with them.
Very pleased with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and all their staff.
Very pleased. Great service Great to live in XXXXXX and have XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Very poor food - need menu.
Very positive experience after initial assessment time in emerg. Waiting room was over 1 hour. Volunteer staff approached me on two occasions with updates on wait time. Very personable opening.
Very positive experience all around. Nurses & doctors in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX labor + delivery ward are excellent!
Very professional
Very professional & very quick
Very professional and compassionate experience.
Very professional experience
Very professional staff, for something I wish I didn't have to experience, it was excellent. Very impressed
Very professional staff.
Very satisfactory
Very satisfied - staff & position were good!
Very satisfied with treatment. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Very satisfied with wait time, care, advice, Covid 19 protocols
Very satisfied.
Very satisfied. 4 hrs. was long to wait for care but they were very busy.
Very sorry to inform you we lost XXX XXXXXXXXXXX. His stay was pleasant and nurses doctor were wonderful so I wanted to fill this in for him. XXXXXXXXXX.
Very streamlined & efficient Good result I'm happy
Very terrible experience which resulted in terrible circumstances when I got back home due to lack of answers from doctors, and wait times were absolutely awful! Next time I will be going elsewhere!
Very thank you for the care from nurses XXXXX and XXXXXXX and Dr. XXXXXXX. Thank you both for bringing my beautiful girl into the world safely.
Very thankful we have a good emergency department
Very timely & attentive - Good protocols for Covid - Listened well - triage, nurses, doctor - Able to discuss my complex history with triage & doctor - Put recommendation on Google!
Visit was 7:30 AM on a XXXXXX (not busy)
Visit was good!
Visited 3 times, knew I had issues with respiratory one dr. made me wait 20 min while he and a nurse talked about his family & new house in XXX area 3rd dr. only took x-ray when I insisted I wouldn't leave without further examination. I was one of the first covid positive patients in XXXXXX was told multiple times that rest would make me feel better before diagnosed after it was positive. They finally took my visit seriously
Visited because of a yeast infection. Doctor/nurse checked my blood sugar and was diagnosed as diabetic Very thankful they took extra time to check sugar level
Visited emergency department as the family had strep throat. Doctor didn't diagnose any of the family with strep. Our daughters case worsened to scarlet fever and my wife went untreated for 3 days until a culture came back. Prescription was sent in error to pharmacy and too 3 days to receive medication.
Visited with my X year old son, therefore, filling survey out as parent of child.
Volunteer very pleasant + helpful to get to triage. Sat next to a man who had a knife fastened to his belt (not concealed at all) + wondered why he would need or be allowed to have this in the hospital
Wait hours before anybody comes to get you to see a doctor or nurse we have waited from 9:30 in the morning until 9:30 at night then they decided to keep me for the night
Wait in ER was approx 6 hours. Was taken off IV too soon. (My opinion). Had a slight relapse.
Wait time continues to be our issue at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Wait time exceeded 3 hrs more triage nurses would improve front line care.
Wait time for services - time to see crisis nurse from emerg - time to see withdrawal management while admitted
Wait time is a problem but 2 1/2 hours is ok
Wait time is too long!
Wait time is too long. Needs to be addressed.
Wait time is way too long & people walk out (leave)
Wait time is way too long, by the time I see a dr. I have already picked up a other flu bug.
Wait time to see the ONLY dr on call at night for to long It took 8 hrs from the time I got there to finally see the dr
Wait time was a big long - it was very busy. Once I was in - exam, xray, diagnosis, treatment were quick, efficient, and thorough. A follow up exam was made before I left.
Wait time was satisfactory.
Wait time was very long. 6 to 6 to long when I was told surgery was going to be at noon or 1:00. Wasn't till 2:30
Wait times are way to long!! I was there because I had severe chest congestion along with my COPD and my X year old grandson was there because he had pneumonia. No one should have to wait 3 hours to see a doctor to get treatment so they can breath properly. When a parent brings a child to the emergency because they are so sick and they are expected to wait 3, 4 or even 5 hours for that child to see a doctor that is totally unacceptable. It's not fair to the parent or the child. There needs to be more doctors on to take care of the amount of people in XXXXXX!! I wait until I feel like I am almost dying to go to the emergency because with a bad back and hip it kills me to just sit and wait so long to see a doctor. It's very frustrating going to the emergency room in XXXXXX because wait times suck!!
Wait times for care are terrible!
Wait times way too long. They shuffle you from room to room to wait again. They said doctors don't come in until 9 AM.
Waited 3 hrs in waiting room before seen by a doctor then doctor was very rushed talking to me. Maybe need more doctors available @ night.
Waited in EMERG for 3 1/2 hrs. Was sent to XXXXXX EMERG by family dr and instructed to tell EMERG that family dr. sent me to EMERG due to results of blood test was in acute kidney failure should not have had to wait 3 1/2 hrs before seeing a dr. in EMERG.
Waited over 3 hours before being seen by a doctor with no on eto give an update on time while my son had breathing issues
Waited to long for procedure. No explanation Overbooked
Waited too long
Waited too long for a bed!!
Waited WAY too long to be seen. Was not given an armband for identification, was not asked patient identifiers before giving medications. ER doctor was great- VERY kind, knowledgeable, did lots of patient teachings.
Waiting 3 hours for x-rays to be read, then told they were "inconclusive" was frustrating My daughter was in pain and no ice for her foot or pain relief was given At times I felt like they forgot about us.
Waiting for a referral to see a urologist. Was able to get one from family dr for an unrelated reason.
Waiting for almost 3 hours to be seen by a doctor was too long especially in a waiting area with so many other people during a Covid pandemic. The doctor and nursing staff who treated me were EXCELLENT
Waiting for the doctor takes too long (other times in emergency)
Waiting hours were way too long. I had had severe nose bleed all evening and felt very nauseous dizzy & disoriented, but was not seen to five hours of a wait to be put into a room then wait for another hour is unacceptable I knew they do their best, but going by ambulance is the only way to be helped, which I did the first time The second time was the 5 hr wait
Waiting list is too long.
Waiting process seemed excessive I'm XX and a bit shaky
Waiting room time is terrible Need more doctors
Waiting room was full. Too long of a wait. One man sitting beside me became verbal + anxious. He left before his procedure.
Waiting room was not inviting
Waiting time for help was way to long, service was good after initial wait.
Waiting time of 5 hours before getting to see a nurse Went to triage after an hour Saw a doctor after 6 hours
Waiting time to long I noticed that is the patient wouldn't eat no one cared to try Emergency should be a great concern
Waiting time too long!!!
Waiting time was very long.
Waiting time way to long. (3 hrs) in waiting room then finally got called in and sat in exam room for 1 1/2 before I seen anyone.
Waiting times are to long after triage to see a doctor.
Waiting times were way too long * Had to pay to park * Food was bad * Just not a good hospital
Waiting way too long to be seen.
Waiting!
Warm blankets while waiting
Was able to feel calm & comfortable while waiting for hip to be replaced after a dislocation
Was above and beyond what was required
Was admitted in the middle of the night by ambulance and wasn't fully aware of what was happening. Therefore some answers are only bad guesses.
Was amazing service home within an hour or arriving.
Was efficient in sending me for an x-ray for a broken ankle. Sent back to wait in waiting room - Did not even have a spot to put my foot up as it swelled. Took (unreadable) to 2.5 hrs to get called back to triage and the doc said he wanted to do an x-ray. Already told him I had one. He checked and came back and told me my ankle was broken. Never got offered an ice pack or tylenol. Weird experience.
Was excellent care
Was excellent!
Was in a semi private room with a roommate with mental problems, got worse at night, nurses moved her 4 times to hallway.
Was in emerg 7 hours before being told I would be admitted - was in a lazy boy chair with 9 other people in one big room 16 hours receiving med in an IV and oxygen then went to a place called short stay for 15 hours then got a room was told to stay within the curtain around my bed - not allowed to shower or use the bathroom - was never explained why - tested positive for pneumonia didn't now you could catch pneumonia from using the bathroom they made me use a commode in a four person ward - lost my dignity first in the room full of lazy boys and then in the four bed ward where curtains didn't join together and whether other people could hear and smell what I was doing - I left the hospital against doctors orders - was one of the worse experiences of my life.
Was in for almost two weeks and it took my family members asking staff for a few days before I received one.
Was in for worry over heart attack - would have felt more comfortable if the doctor had a bit more time to reassure me, after tests said was okay E.G. why I had such chest pain was bewildered when I left however, my tests were thorough
Was in pain. Volunteer offered ice pack for my shoulder. Triage nurse very rude to me
Was in with lung problems and could hardly breath and some of the nurse had on really strong smelling perfume that almost take my breath away.
Was looked at quickly, + referred to clinic/emergency dept in XXXXXX that specialized in my condition in 1 1/2 hours which was very good for me.
Was not offered a wash cloth or towel or toothbrush during my three days, till the last day just before the dr. came in to check on me and discharge me. No toothbrush, though I came in through ER, appendicitis.
Was not tested for Covid 19 prior to admission because I was an add in Therefore was isolated in a three bed room. At times had no bathroom + had to use commode which was uncomfortable. Because I was a last minute add in had no prior knowledge of surgery time or even date Did not know that family could not accompany me.
Was on a restricted diet but the menu showed little imagination or variety.
Was only a overnight stay but looked after 100%.
Was only there for one night after having c section. Should have been kept longer.
Was prepared to have a cystoscopy consult with dr in OR and discussion was made to not have the above procedure. Follow up without patient laboratory tests - two weeks after.
Was released from emergency believing there were no broken/fractured bones from a fall I took. Hospital called me the following afternoon to inform me that they had reexamined my x-rays & I had a fractured pelvic bone & needed to be on crutches (which I had already done due to not being able to walk). It would have been helpful to get the true results the day of my visit.
Was suffering UTI pain needed help fast. Went to XXX (XXXXXXXX smaller hospital) for fast service. Wait times, too long in XXXXXX always!
Was supposed to meet with someone from physio before check out, didn't happen, actually stressed me out; phoned for advice - they were confused re topic of physio consult
Was there for my XX month old daughter She had a fever of 106.7 degrees at home but was told by a nurse she did not have a fever at all so no meds were given to help her Had to wait 2 hours to see the dr. Once we saw the dr it was excellent care.
Was told an ambulance should have been called but even if we did there were none available due to a large accident on the highway.
Was treated with great respect, fully trust nurse's & doctors completely with how they treated me.
Was very impressed with all the staff during the COVID19 period. Kudos to all of you and thank you.
Was very satisfactory.
Wasn't confident about the Covid 19 prevention in the waiting area.
Waste of time, ordered there by CAS, investors of ways to waste time.
We appreciate the availability of the XXXXXXXX site emergency service for weekend service when doctors are not available for a urinary tract compromised child with a UTI. This child cannot wait for a XXXXXX doctor's appointment so this service is vital to prevent further health implications. The staff always recognize the seriousness of this child's condition which is invaluable to our mental health in dealing with the condition. The smaller emergency department is also much less traumatic to attend for the child.
We are grateful there is a hospital in XXXXXXXX and do not want to loose it.
We are still going XXXXXX has had always great care He is XX very senior Thank you
We are very impressed with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX facility and medical team. Thank you.
We are very pleased with the service they provided.
We brought my XX yr old son in with intense chest pains. More than once. And the hospital just laughed us off and sent us away. This was in XXXXXXXX. We are still dealing with this issue and will be going to a specialist about it. My son has been suffering for months and has someone took us serious then maybe we would have answers by now. The first time we were there a doctor did a chest ultrasound to check if his lung had collapsed. I spoke with my husbands lung specialist about it who laughed and said that would show nothing and informed us that the other doctor must have been trying to rush us out. Which he was. Nothing was done that time. My husband took our son back 2 days later because the symptoms had not gone away or got any better. They sat in the waiting room for at least an hour before being seen by a doctor. This is unacceptable. For no reason should anyone with chest pains have to sit and wait the way my son did. Especial not a XX yr old child. He is still having chest pains but does not want to go back to your hospital and be mistreated. We hear about this happening at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX so often but you think people are just over exaggerating but dealing with it proves them right I will be using my own doctor, walk in clinics, or traveling to find health care from now on feel free to contact me if you would like to speak more about this. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
We definitely need more doctors and I don't think 1 doctor after certain hours is enough The ER department need more stock/needed an antibiotic ointment and was told they had none XXXXXXXXXXX)
We did have a charge nurse who was quite rude and stand-off-ish. Our other nurse XXXXX from (H) was AMAZING though!
We did not feel 100% safe as the hospital ran out of the identification bracelets that alert when leaving the area so our baby never had one. The hospital was unable to provide epidurals on the night my son was born so that was not offered as an option to us Otherwise our stay and care was lovely.
We had a great experience. They saw my son right away and immediately brought him to the back as he was having trouble breathing. The doctor + nurses were excellent and provided great care to him
We had a positive experience in the maternity ward @ XXX our midwives also provided a lot of info before & after which helped us have the best experience possible the nurses & doctors went above & beyond @ XXX
We had a very good experience Only thing I want to mention is pushing moms to feed their babies right away. One nurse we had was nice but kind of made me feel bad about our baby nt eating in the first 24 hrs (which a doctor has told me is normal).
We had amazing care from XXXXXXXXXXXX Couldn't have asked for a better nurse. Security was extremely unprofessional when letting us in Laughed when we told them I was in labour.
We had issues with my stay at the hospital where I did get injured due to a physiotherapist assistant not doing their job correctly. My daughters escalated the issue and was supposed to receive feedback from senior administration and that has not happened. Once I left the hospital, they washed their hands of the issue. Very disappointing.
We have always had excellent care at XXXXXXXX The staff, nurses and doctors have always treated us with kindness and respect.
We have an excellent department here in XXXXXXXXXXXX. Thank you so much. XXXXXXXX
We have excellent nurses.
We have excellent staff and everyone is busy. I have never had a complaint.
We like the numbering system in the waiting room. It gave a better indication of when we were next in line. My wife fell and hurt her back on stairs and we were not sure if she had broken/fractured her back/ribs we were visiting our daughter in XXXXXX, we live in XXXXXXX
We love having the emerg at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX when we need it.
We love our small town XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX The level of care and general regard are among the best we've experienced anywhere
We need and hope we will have an emergency department in XXXXXXXX
We need more doctors on call, an less waiting time. Plus it needs to be open longer
We purchased a car seat with base (detachable base & seal) - not removable - we were unable to have the nurse check the car seat without removing it, we had it professionally installed and had to carry the whole seat with base and baby through hospital - not safe. We had to try to install it again in our care in the parking lot with a cold baby & tired parents. It was not as safe driving him home as a result.
We received amazing care from one nurse in particular, my husband XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was transferred to telemetry at 10:00pm on XXXXXXXXXXXXXX night, he was in ICU but had to move, XXXX's nurse was a lady named XXXX and she was amazing took the time to explain everything that was going on Dr XXXXXX was XXXX's dr also he was amazing XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
We stayed during the initial COVID-19 outbreak, the staff made us feel comfortable and safe during our entire stay They all went above and beyond to help us navigate the first couple nights as new parents
We visited the Emerg. Dept. at 1:00 a.m. XXX/XXX night and apparently there is only one doctor on staff overnight. We had a 7 hour wait for stitches. The doctor was excellent once he was able to get to us! There needs to be more than one doctor working!!
We waited for over 4 hours in the early morning with a sick newborn and did not receive any care - only upon entry to the emerg dept.
We waited too long for the pain my child was enduring!!! Too long!!
We went from waiting room to a ward with a bed. Then to xray and back to a waiting room with chairs The doctor met us in this waiting room (with other people there) to tell my son he had a sprain. Then we were told he would get foot wrapped and crutches. This was done in same area. Not told to ice foot or what to expect.
We were incredibly impressed with our experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, we were provided with excellent care!
We were lucky and it was our own family doctor that was on call and working in the emergency room when we arrived. There was an obvious injury on the patients chin which just needed to be bandaged. Went exceptionally well seeing as how the X year old patient was already very familiar with the doctor doing the bandaging. Experience was very good start to finish!
We were there for too long over 12 hrs for a fainting spell
We were very well cared for by the midwife: nurses the requests we made during our stay were all taken care of promptly Thank you XXXXXXXXX
We, my mother and, I, found a lot of the doctors we dealt with especially Dr. XXXXXX were very arrogant and they didn't like you to question them or disagree with them in any way. It was hard a lot of the time to get them to listen to your worries and concerns. It caused a lot of anxiety and frustration. I think they need to be taught to actually listen and care about what you have to say and to show a little respect and compassion. There were a lot of mistakes made and my mother almost died because of it and no one seemed to care or to own up to it. Everyone seemed to have a "Oh well, things happen sometimes" attitude. I wonder if it was their loved one if they'd feel the same way. I feel there's no point putting in a complaint either because I feel it would be the same. No one cares, everything is covered up, no one is held accountable and nothing done and we're left feeling hopeless.
Well coordinated
Well done & they did a really good job
Well looked after
WEll looked after and felt safe at all times.
Well looked after by all staff
Well, I'd like things to move quicker on my visit & the doctors could be more personable & explain things better. I'm sure your all doing the best you can. Thank you.
Went in to emergency at 11pm and sat in waiting room for 20 minutes. No one else was in the waiting room. I was experiencing severe bouts of as yet undiagnosed atrial fibrillation and wanted to be assessed immediately Eventually I was put in to triage and then was put on a stretcher in the emergency room. I just thought I should have been sent to the emergency room immediately instead of having to wait so long to be monitored and medicated being a first time A-Fib patient.
Went in with a hand injury at 3:15 left a 9:00 needed a tetanus shot & check a find that was hurt 4 days earlier.
Went over 8 hrs having a nurse enter room - family got food from delivery people @ door as isolation room nurses rarely gowned - just gloves. Patients in wheelchair in hallways sat all day - urine mopped with towel - but patient never washed or changed.
Went speedily, in and out in timely fashion
Went to another hosp for carotid surgery due to complications did not return to XXXXXX in time to save bed in rehab. Have not had any follow up from rehab to continue rehab as an outpatient found that nurses did not enter information on charts so that next nurses would know what happened and when
Went to different ED and they were more helpful
Went to XXXXXXXXX. Went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX emergency. It's the best.
Went to XXXXXXXXXXXX as previous visit to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was disgusting. Over 9 hrs. spent for Rx for severe headache. Thought I was having a stroke while waiting to be seen, I was ignored as nurses seem were afraid, I was going to ask again when I was going to see a doctor rude, unhelpful. One dr on site Absolutely disgusting. XXXXXXXXX was quite the opposite.
Went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXX for an ultrasound had to go to XXXXXX to have it done. Nurse put a priority on results then I went back to XXXXXXXX for results.
Went well, no problems got the care I needed & the answers I needed.
Went with a head injury thought I should have xray but was not given that option It ended up a mild concussion, I was told.
We're fortunate to have such a facility available in our community. There were a couple of the nursing staff that went above & beyond in the care they provided
What treated with kindness & considerate
When arriving @ Emerg we were taken care of but waited for too long in the second waiting rm. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX has a shorter wait then XXXXXXXXXXXX I try never to go to XXXXXX.
When asked whether my pain medication was addictive, I was told "no." I looked it up on the internet and found out it was an opioid
When food delivered it would be helpful for someone to open containers I had shoulder surgery + couldn't help myself Water more often.
When I arrived at the hospital in emerg they lost my $350.00 pair of glasses which I have had to replace
When I arrived I asked how long I would likely have to wait & explained my driver would leave & come back later, if it was a long time. I asked politely. When the doctor dismissed me he made a snarky remark - I hope we were quick enough for you. It made me upset I have to care for my driver always. I think this attitude originated with the receptionist.
When I arrived the man from triage was no where to be found for like 15 mins. And he was grumpy and talking how much time he had left in his shift
When I ask for something it mean I was told it would help me with my pain so I would like to try it.
When I fist come to XXX, I had cut my thumb "bad" and "bleeding" Told me to (unreadable) my hands and they gave me a number. I was bleeding, no help, and sat down 3 people ahead off me, it took 45 mins to get to me buy a nurse who come to help me. The lady who did the booking was slower than a turtle always working away some where
When I go to the hospital for tests - and other appointments on ambulatory the disabled parking is frequently completely full. It is a long way to check in. I can't walk very well I am XX
When I got there around 5:00 AM, the nurse at triage was asleep and I woke him up - I needed an ultrasound or MRI Was not open for 3 hours so I had to wait all that time - Just sitting
When I had shingles I had very abrupt, uninformed & insensitive care That was 3-4 years ago. Often our emerg before covid could be 6-8 hours in waiting - not sure how it is now generally but the care & attention I received recently was more timely if not thorough
When I inquired about home care nurse the surgeon said I should get family to change bandages. Seems odd
When I left for home with an in home nurse follow up. The emergency doctor followed up with a phone call to my home. Very reassuring!
When I left the hospital, I was given a prescription for pain. The care I received was perfect, doctor's & nurse's are great thank you so much
When I showed up the ER doctor wasn't in yet and I heard the nurses talking about it, no one seemed to know where he was or why he was late. I arrived early in the morning about 7am. Seemed disorganized. Good thing it wasn't too busy - the longest wait was waiting for the doctor to just show up.
When I took my daughter for the first time we got in somewhat quick but she was having a hard time breathing I could tell by her cough she had bronchitis and she had been rubbing her ears The doctor checked her hears and lungs and said she was fine and sent us home, the next morning I took her to her doctors, she had bad ear infection and had bronchitis. She had to go on a liquid steroid and amoxacillin. The people I talk to all agree the doctors know nothing at emerg
When I walked into emerg I took a number and had to wait. I think there should be someone who greets you right away and ask what your problem is immediately and triage each individual as needed before you take number
When I was admitted to Labour and Delivery, my waters had ruptured and I was admitted upon arrival. After a few hours I was informed I would be induced, once the process started, it happened quickly (I have very fast labour and delivery) and I was having regular contractions, a new nurse came in to cover my previous nurses break and it was found that my baby was in fact footling breech and no one knew this or checked before they induced me. I was then sent for an emergency C-section. If I hadn't had a new nurse arrive and notice the shape of my stomach and then check the baby's position there could have been more serious problems. The nurses were then given a lesson on how to determine the baby's position while I had people running around to prep me for surgery. It's very scary to think this could have been missed and my labour could of progressed to the point of serious complications for myself and my baby. Your Breast is Best Agenda needs work. The nursing staff was extremely reluctant to allow me to give my baby a small amount of formula while I was breastfeeding. By the second night of my stay, I could hear my baby's stomach growling, she was very hungry and upset. At this point I had nothing to give her from my breasts, she wasn't swallowing anything while latched, when asked about giving some formula to comfort the baby until my milk came in the nurse made it clear that it was not recommended and that I would need to sign a waiver to say I understood the risk of formula. The process to try to even have access to formula to comfort my hungry child was made to seem impossible and my husband and I didn't even debate the issue because we were exhausted and having to fill out paperwork to just feed my child is completely unacceptable. What would be helpful would be non judgement about the method in which a parent wants to feed their child. Fed is best, and if that means a parent wants formula we shouldn't have to sign anything, or be made to feel as if we don't know what is best for our child. There are so many risks/ health issues associated with a mothers late milk development, that can seriously harm a newborn. This policy needs to be reviewed.
When I was in there 1 year ago I stayed 15 days and Dr. XXXXXX told me he had done all that could be done and left. So the next day I left and he lied and said I just left which I did after he said there was nothing he could do. Yours truly XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
When I was on surgical floor nurse in training gave me the wrong medication to take in cup I told her I couldn't take the medication. Its not for me. I didn't take it. She walked away. She had the wrong medication About five or more years ago my mother XXXXXXXXXXXXX was very sick for a length of time in the hospital stay She had two people in room her and another woman They gave my mother the other patient's medication by accident not for mom suicidal/schizophrenic medication My mom went from a adult to a child/memory loss Dr XXXXXXXX helps to look after her/wanted to send her to hospice She said no My mom with my help/other services finally came a long but still has her days Can't take stress This is why I don't think to much of our hospital system in XXXXXXXXXXX Too many higher ups why so many. That is where I money goes, doctor are OK, nurses are OK Our hospital in XXXXXXXXXX is a joke. This is why I don't like to go to hospital/because what happened to my mom almost happened to me. But not We should have sued the hospital/but we didn't at the time XXXXXXXXXXXX I do a lot for my mom/hospice Had helped a lot I volunteered for hospice for a while Helped in housekeeping
When I was released the doctor forgot to sign my prescription and the 2nd time the nurse gave me someone else prescription. So this delayed me receiving my meds a day late.
When I was transferred to this hospital I fell twice First whoever dropped me off, they left me on the bed right by the window. I try to get up to pull the blinds down, I got up try to get to it and I fell down and in the bathroom too
When I went to the clinic and saw a doctor there, he examined me a told me I had bronchitis. He gave me an antibiotic. Later I went to emergency where the took an xray and couldn't find anything When I returned to the clinic the doctor found bronchitis again and gave me another antibiotic Later I took an herbal med and got rid of my problem
When I went to the emergency I had to wait 6 hours in waiting room that to long when you are in pain But in pain at a 10 you should be taken in not waiting for the red or green room
When I went to the hospital by ambulance, I was not aware of who I was or what was going on. The staff put me at ease. The meals were never hot, mostly hardly warm.
When in a ward setting nursing did not seem concerned with one patient's noise and visitors even after visiting hours. More empathy training to respect other patients in wards could help.
When in O.R. doc should check patient allergic chart. After surgery I was given pain relief I was allergic too By time i got to my room my tongue & hands were swollen The nurse caught it in time and gave me reversal.
When it came or discharge it was very unorganized felt I was rushed out. Staples taken out that morning causing one to open up deep wound Parking was (unreadable) Got home 3 days later another opening, still dressing these wounds to-day 7 weeks later!? Hospital care was good, nurses + staff were very professional. There needs to be a better way of getting people ready to go home it is my understanding its not the nurses fault move help is needed how come 1/2 the floor closes down on weekends making beds very hard to be available?
When leaving the hospital the volunteer wheeled the wheelchair outside to car before coat was on or head covered after being hospitalized for bilateral pneumonia Also smashed leg into car door in haste of exit during - 6C and very windy weather.
When my family doctor went on vacation - his fill in, didn't visit me or if he did I had no idea since he didn't introduce himself
When the doctor suspects kidney stones in a patient, the patient should not have to wait 2+ hours writhing in extreme agony to receive pain relief medication.
When the food arrived, it was just warm. I realize this is a hard situation to overcome The food was good for a hospital environment.
When the health unit come in for they did not knock and were very abrasive I found her to be to be rude this is the only negative about our services at the hospital.
When they put me into my bed when I first got there it took over an hour before my IV was put in and I was so thirsty I started feeling very ill so getting the IV faster would have been nice. Also one of the other patients had a very loud woman with them before surgery so it was painful having to listen to her very loud voice.
When to XXXXXXXXXXXX not XXXXXXXXXXX!
When transported to XXXXXXXXXXXX hospital via XXXXXXX my wife & nurse were left at the hospital when I was admitted with no transportation back to XXXXXXXXXXXX it cause a lot of stress when we were told we had to pay for a cab after 1 1/2 hrs of phone calls this was finally fixed on XXXXXXXXX very disorganized & unprofessional on the part of XXX. A voyager - no nurse should be sent with (UNREADABLE) without a pace for returning to XXX when accompanying them to another hospital care the patient is admitted to another hospital, They should be assured of a ride home
When waiting for me to come out of surgery, no one went to the waiting room to get my wife when I was taken to my hospital room. She was in the bathroom when I was returned to my room and after a few hours went back to the surgery ward to find out what was going on. She eventually was directed to my room. My roommate in my semi private room was really noisy, and his sleep apnea machine warning beep kept going off a lot during the night I was very satisfied with my care
When we had been there for 4 hours and it was midnight and my daughter had to get up in 5 1/2 hours to go to school, we decided to leave without seeing a doctor. (Note all answers were from her perspective. Ex in gr. 8)
While being accommodated overnight in emergency care I had occasion to ring call bell - it took over 40 minutes to get a response!! That is very unsuitable - if you are going to have a holding area for overnight stays it should be staffed full time. Excuse for 40 mins delay was "We have been very busy with new emergencies." I am diabetic & thankful that I was not hypoglycemic when I rang call bell or they might have found me on the floor.
While I don't think my issue was a high priority I thought the wait was excessive.
While I hate complaining - I was hungry most of the time. Am used to having nutritious snacks between meals. From supper at 5:00 PM to breakfast at 8:00 AM. I would have liked 2 snacks. One at 8:00 & one at midnight.
While I was there everything seemed to go as smooth as expected. Very helpful to make (unreadable) plan.
While in emergency overnight a male patient on a Form 1 and supposed to being watch by the XXXXXX Police entered my cubicle four time and the police were unaware because his curtain was closed. I mentioned it to the nurse and she had him moved. I work corrections and he is one of our inmates.
While in Emergency with heart failure my room was directly across from the nurses/medical station. It was very busy, but there was a lot of personal talk, and fooling around by staff. My needs weren't addressed in a timely fashion.
While in ICU there was a couple people who were either wandering about or yelling at staff for hours on end Both cases were drug related, they should not be in this area but mental ward
While in OR I was treated with total respect before the operation Everyone was extremely friendly, trying to put me at ease XXXXXXXXXXXX
While laying in my bed, I heard a male nurse and female nurse discussing my condition. I heard the male nurse tell the female nurse that the pain was all in my head. 'She was not in as much pain as she thinks,' he said. I had a ruptured appendix and stayed in the hospital for 13 days, so the pain WAS NOT in my head. I was administered Morphine for pain as allowed to, I believe it was every 4 hours, so how was the pain in my head? I was quite upset and angry about his comment. It was uncalled for and not appreciated.
While polite enough I did not get help for my issue I was given percocet and sent on my way I already take tramacet & lyrica that don't help and percocet is no better For 3 years I have suffered with one leg Now it is both and I can't walk unassisted I would like to meet a doctor who cares enough to find the issue & help or help with MAID
While the majority of our care was good, there were a few instances of poor care from the nurses in the delivery ward. This included breastfeeding support and support to the washroom after severe blood loss and being too lightheaded to support myself. No emotional support was given either. My baby arrived on a holiday XXXXXX which may explain why there was a lack of information given to me.
Who doesn't dread going to the emergency room in the past this time was a fantastic experience fast & efficient service. Wonderful doctor & nurse definitely recommend XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX keep up the good work!
Whoever is working needs to pay more attention Mr. & Mrs. XXXXXXX. Good luck.
Why did I have to pay another $12 did have good coverage this has never occurred before. I paid it but thought many times "why".
Why do we have to fill out this survey again when we fill it out before leaving the hospital?
Why do you not wear scrubs for health reasons
Why is my gender, sexual orientation and education level important and related to this survey.
Why was I told that I should think about dying? Doctor should explain why a change in meds. I would like to tell you that I didn't get enough food. As I lost wait will I was in hos and I did ask the nutrition for more and got 'NOUH' more? I would like to now why I was not told about the 'meds' I was give on XXXXXXXXXXX that almost killed me? By (Dr XXXXXX)
Why? Triaged @7:20 AM - I was 2nd - was not called till approximately 9:10 AM. No one called till then.
Wife broke back on XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXX night - take "office patient experience" and staff it or chase it This is B.S. when I can't see my wife with a broken back. Give it to the young staff at the doors. They run the visitors and do a damn good job The hospital has to serve all. Fix it/or close it Give staff on call with a cell phone at home + computer access XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX Fix the bad stuff
Wife talked to all nurses doctors & staff Husband has Parkinson's and health is poor I answered these questions
Wish there was better communication between doctor + nurses when there is a shift change that some difficulty with my medication as to when I was allowed to take it
Wish wait times were shorter and people extremely ill, violently puking or bleeding were seen properly and moved to not spread their outbreaks.
Wished for family to be able to visit but due to Covid-19 protocols they were not able
With a fracture + a dislocation I was sitting inside emerg for over 6 hrs before a RN asked if I spoke to a dr. "no"
With the COVID-19 virus being a factor out there, my kidney stone visit was the best I have ever had. I didn't have to wait a long time in pain like past visits to the emergency dept Thank you!
Without exception, staff were excellent, caring and efficient. I regret that I didn't ask for basic hygiene items (washcloth, toothbrush and paste, etc.) earlier either from home or from staff. I wish I had not waited (2-3 days) for staff to ask if I wanted them. I had been coping with my injury and just didn't think of it. The hospital-provided toothbrush was inadequate, and kept coming apart in my mouth. Had I been thinking more clearly, I would have asked for one from home. Otherwise, I cannot say enough good things about the care I received following my fall/broken hip.
Without investigation it was surmised that I had a blood clot in my arm. I was sent to XXXXXX where I received a shot of Fragmin which I had a violent reaction to. Not sure I'm over it yet.
Without the use of a (unreadable) side table, I had my purse on the (unreadable) by the window I had $10.00 stolen out of the purse - XXXXXXX
Women & men should have separate washrooms. Split people with different needs - people with depression & anxiety vs people with more severe needs.
Wonder why we had to wait so long for a certain number of people before we were taken back to the treatment room. This was an emergency (to remove stitches) could be there not be somewhere else to so as not to tie up the emergency
Wonderful experience with drs, nurses & staff. And that rehab program, just delightful to attend. I looked forward to that every day. Am doing exercises at home as well. Thank you, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Wonderful nurses & MDs on MIC!
Wonderful.
Worst experience ever, sciatica pain (horrible), left me in area for 5 hours in such pain, nurse not accommodating for hot blanket, kept asking for something for pain. Horrible experience, never again! Asked many times how long in so much pain, numb, treated horrible!
Would appreciate more interdisciplinary team work between midwives and doctors & nurses.
Would be good to have anesthesiologist there sooner so I could have got a epidural Nurse advised to stay home too long during contractions Should've went in sooner. Dr just made it in time to deliver baby Nurses almost had to deliver baby.
Would have liked more information about my surgery.
Would have liked to have a list of what medication ws tried for pain relief - came home with prescription for hydromorphone HCL 2 mg which made me nauseous and throw up through prescription but throwing up stopped when pills finished. Did not work for pain, however
Would have liked to see better collaboration between nurses and midwives (on the nurse's part - midwives seemed to make the effort to collaborate as much as possible).
Would have liked to talk to the dr face to face upon discharge other than a handwritten note.
Would like to have wife or family member with me
Would of like to have a sunroom or other place to sit comfortable I was bored in my room. I expected to go home the next day so did not get to but (unreadable) but had to stay 5 days every day I wanted to go home
Would recommend the hospital to anyone
Would suggest the hospital provide educational documentation about standard surgeries like rotator cuff, hip replacement to patients to assist them with recoveries ie what to expect what you can do/can't do following surgery how to dress following procedure I downloaded very good documents from other Canadian/American hospitals to assist me with my recovery. But not everyone can do this I think your hospital should provide these documents benefits 1) minimizes patient stress 2) won't "hurt" the surgery or "undo" it 3) minimizes questions to physicians & cuts down on follow up appointments 4) speeds up recovery 5) minimizes the number of "unknowns" for the patient.
Xray & blood work only
X-ray taken in first hour - took 4 1/2 to see a doctor.
XX years old been in hospital many times for knees, prostrate, different injury. Always looked after me food not the best
XXX Emergency Department is outstanding.
XXX ER Care was quick since they had few patients I ended up being allergic to the creme that was put on my burn Did not get the tetanus shot that the doctor ordered. The shot was forgotten.
XXX Hosp was excellent.
XXX offered the best kind of care This (to me) shouldn't be a representation of the whole hospital, just this unit All staff were incredible through this difficult COVID time.
XXX staff - excellent Dr XXXXXXX - not, did not listen Misdiagnosed my condition, not listening to me
XXX to XXXXXX - waited for a bed - Left 2 full days on a stretcher - Many others got beds before me - No one ever gave me any food choices - some treated me as contagious - others didn't. I used a commode & at least 2 nurses never emptied it during their whole shift - Was not given enough showers or access to a place to brush teeth Poor!!!
XXXX and XXX from 4th floor stroke unit were amazing!! Thank you for the great work you two!
XXXX in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is one of the "best" hospitals in XXXXXXX...we are fortunate to reside in this area!
XXXX is a broken dysfunctioning waste of money - a complete let down and disappointment to hospital patients. Staff are pompous spoilt idiots making money they do not deserve. Pass it on!
XXXX/XXXX staff were rude, intimidating, and very uninformed incompetent inexperienced rushed me out, unprepared!
XXXXX & her lead nurse were the nicest nurses I'd ever met they were great, before and after babies birth.
XXXXX attend XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (mother) care for her each day.
XXXXX has dementia She will not be able to answer questionnaires any longer I was not allowed to see her, therefore I am unable to give any input. Her caregiver Please do not send any more questions They will not be answered!
XXXXX ICU
XXXXX in the maternity unit was fantastic! She is absolutely great at her job. You can tell she cares about her patients and puts 100% effort into her job.
XXXXX my main nurse was fantastic! Kind, friendly and very giving! Loved having her.
XXXXX the nurse was AMAZING and made my experience such a positive one
XXXXX was the best she deserves a raise AND!! REQUIRE AN ADDITIONAL PATIENT PHONE
XXXXX, XXXXXXX + XXX in Rehab (in hospital stay) were excellent.
XXXXXX - went to emerg by ambulance serve two week for info to get me to care Received and diagnosed pneumonia and stayed in emerg 2 days awaiting hospital bed Very well treated by all and out on XXXXXXXXXXXX feeling weak but OK 100% by my ideas of how to handle grumpy old man! XXX
XXXXXX has passed on XXXXXXXXXXX @ 3:40 PM in some of these questions I could not answer I did what I could. XXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXX is very fortunate to have such a great hospital. The treatment I had from everyone was excellent This was not my first time there, and every time I had excellent care. Great emerg. department.
XXXXXX wait times are too long will not go there not a fan of the triage area in XXXXXX where you are yelling through a vent in the glass about your ailments and a room full of people are directly behind you would like to see a more secluded area.
XXXXXX was fantastic to us when we were assigned to her care, she went above and beyond the expected care to give us tips and tricks on breastfeeding, swaddling, and other general mom tips. Unfortunately, due to the pandemic my husband was required to stay in the building for the duration of our stay, and we were told he would be provided the same meals since he couldn't go out and get his own food. Unfortunately we never ended up getting any meals for him so he had to only eat the snacks that we had brought with us. Overall though, it was a good, albeit exhausting experience.
XXXXXX XXXXXXX via amb to (unreadable) - waited approx 3 hrs to see a dr - one more hours for CT scan - sent to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX via amb. with abdominal aortic ruptured aneurysm critical condition ER waiting room @ arrival - 2 in there - no one visible in low acuity & high acuity wasn't busy why the wait?! Nurse was rude as well There was nothing exemplary about this visit! XXXXXX staff couldn't believe he wasn't air lifted instead of sent by ground. I have filled this questionnaire based on my return to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for rehab. These comments are (unreadable) from my daughter and my wife about my regional arrival in the ER XXXXXXXX It is our intention to forward a letter to the patient advocates office for a follow up concerning my treatment at the time. It is our contention that the hospital staff and the attending physician were negligent and incompetent in their handling of this emergency in a manner that could have easily resulted in my death. XXXXXXXXXXXX This is in regards to XXX from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to rehab XXX (not ER visit)
XXXXXXX emergency is far superior to XXXXXX please be clear as both are called XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXX told discharge was 9-11 had me sitting up on chair at 9 all day waiting dr. didn't show up till 4:45 p.m. to sign off very painful day with fractured pelvis & kidney smashed 24 hrs previous. Yet they wouldn't change. Grade - Minus "F."
XXXXXXXX + the nurse with the curly blonde hair are the best!!!
XXXXXXXX emergency dept fantastic XXXXXX little less but getting better
XXXXXXXX emergency dept. is better for care and timing than XXXXXX emergency department.
XXXXXXXX ER is always good. My illness was a sensitive one and nurses and doctors were talking in hallway about me for all to hear. That was the only thing I did not appreciate. More discretion required.
XXXXXXXX hospital is always very friendly.
XXXXXXXX hospital is far & beyond better than XXXXXX XXXXX hospital service sucks. Too many paper pushers in XXXXXX.
XXXXXXXX Hospital site very good location no complains small & very well operated.
XXXXXXXX immediately got help from XXXXXX Hospital. Then when it was above there expertise sent me to XXXXXX by ambulance. Good job
XXXXXXXX is amazing and all the emerg doctors are great!
XXXXXXXX is great! xoxo!
XXXXXXXX Need bigger patient wash rooms.
XXXXXXXX visit was all good
XXXXXXXX, 800 AM Very serious more blood ambulance arrived approx. 5 minutes from 911 call on the scale of 10 I give them a 10
XXXXXXXXX Health is XXXXXXXXXXXXX. XXXXX has always been the issue with wait time. How many of those people in the waiting room are just their for drugs due to XXXXX incline my drug problem.
XXXXXXXXXX drs don't seem to be appropriate when released from hosp They an not be contacted
XXXXXXXXXX nurse in emerg was amazing from start to admission Nurse XXXXXX was equally amazing Once admitted younger nurses could learn a lot from both
XXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX Questions 49-51 are pointless if I speak mother tongue English
XXXXXXXXXXX was extremely helpful. Best nurse we had the entire stay
XXXXXXXXXXXX + XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX are excellent!
XXXXXXXXXXXX has always provided me and my family with excellent service.
XXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXXXXXX is a great hospital with excellent staff Keep up the good work!
XXXXXXXXXXXX is a great small town hospital. Very professional but with small town friendliness.
XXXXXXXXXXXX is almost gone so I am unable to answer most questions with any degree of accuracy XXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXX of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the best, you are treated like a human and not just a number. The nurses, nurse practitioner a doctor are also very professional
XXXXXXXXXXXX was the best, quiet, relaxing, clean, very quiet at night. Large hospitals are like shopping malls, people everywhere, coming, going, places to eat & shop. i prefer a simpler way, very noisy.
XXXXXXXXXXXXX is a patient with some memory issues. Form filled by XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXX is the best!! Staff is awesome!!
XXXXXXXXXXXXX To whom it may concern: I am an older man and I grow tired of having doctors, nurses, whoever looking down their noses because I am on pain medications, "opioids." They were prescribed by a doctor (qualified) who understood the amount of pain I was in. My son died in XXXX from cancer and at his request we donated his remains to the hospital. I did not kill any of those kids who are dying as a result of overdoses. If even 1 person dies this way it is tragic! This is a mental health issue. These people need an education and the pushers need life sentences but doctors and the government has made us feel shame with our pain. I personally have at least 7 discs cracked & bulging, my neck, shoulder and I suffer from severe migraine headaches. I suffer from depression and intense anxieties. I lost a son in XXXX and I have a XX yr old and a XX yr old son I am raising. I cry every day from the pain. I have to use a wall to straighten my back just to be able to send the boys to school. The pain meds are an enabler, an enabler to be able to give my grandsons some semblance of life. I have my family and they are counting on me. If these meds are taken away (P.S. I've been on morphine & others with severe reactions to everything else). In less than weeks after meds are reduced & eliminated I WILL NOT be able to function and I will be of NO use to anyone! Keep letting people, doctors, etc. make us feel like poop! Because we don't feel the world closing in on us already! Thanks, XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX I arrived at the emergency at around 10 PM on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I had a catheter as a result of prostate cancer surgery (XXXXXXXXXXXX). The catheter was blocked or plugged and leaking urine around the attachment area, causing severe pain. I told the attendant behind the first wicket and she said I would have to wait in line for your number to register. It wasn't able to sit due to the excruciating pain, so I stood. When I met with the registration attendant, I explained my circumstance, and asked if she would call Dr. XXXXXX. She responded by saying that the procedure is to use the emergency doctors to address emergency dept medical needs. The registration attendant did give me a towel to stuff in my pants to help contain the leaking around the catheter. I remained in the cue to see the doctor. Around 12:30 AM the catheter block finally started to release and my leg bag starting to fill, the pain started to ease. I was finally able to sit down as the severe pain finally subsided. I stayed at emergency, as I didn't know if I had internal damage from the pressure of the catheter or as well as damage to the catheter. A nurse came around 1:00 m, and took me to a patient cubical to wait for the doctor. The nurse checked my blood pressure and temperature and came back about 15 minutes later, to check the amount of liquid in my bladder. The doctor came to see me around 2:45 AM. He apologized for my long wait. He said he was the only doctor on duty that night and he had seen over 20+ patients. He checked me, and said that he wasn't a urologist, wasn't sure he could have helped me, if the catheter hadn't unplugged itself. The doctor and staff were very professional, courteous & friendly, which I very much appreciated. I wished the emergency doctor had seen me when I first got registered and then he may have called a urologist out to help and perhaps gave me some pain medication. I spent a good two and a half hours waiting in pain, I don't think this shouldn't happen. I hope in future that your emergency procedures will allow the emergency doctor to see some flexibility in a case like mine, where a urologist (specialist) maybe required to be called out to attend to a patient's medical problem like mine. It was a long night at the emergency for me and a number of others seeking help, with only having one doctor on duty. I don't believe this is fair for the doctor, the staff, or the people seeking medical attention. I left the hospital at 3:15 AM, five hours is a long time to be at emergency. Thank you, XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is great! Small town, caring staff.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were top notch when I was in with 2 broken ribs + small hole in a lung
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX exceeded my expectations The staff were all amazing, kind, knowledgeable + professional I have only positive things to say about my experience.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX gets a bad rap I think it's unjustified. Between XXXX + XXXX I had my elderly parents (dad could but mom continue issues has since passed away) in a few times + under trying conditions, but passed with flying colors
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a beautiful + caring hospital
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a beautiful facility with wonderful nurses and physicians. My husband and I always come away from our stay thankful for such a great health system and team. Always shown compassion and care. God bless.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a marvelous facility with generally an excellent staff. The only area where the service is abysmal is the food, which is frequently inedible. Have never seen some of the sad meals we were served, filled with empty calories. Food is important to recovery, and thankfully my family brought me fresh fruit and vegetables.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is an excellent hospital overall.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is great.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is probably ok for the usual illnesses but for a chronic illness such as mine, I feel it is unarmed.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is worst emergency departments around as an injured worker. Drs, nurses at times, were terrible as sometimes symptoms does not show on test. They think nothing is wrong. Never take addition precautions.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX made accidentally swallowing dental hardware a not stressful event. I also delivered both of my sons in this hospital & had excellent care. Thank you!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX needs a breastfeeding room for mothers who have to bring their newborns back for testing (ie. the ultrasound we had to do when our baby was only XX days old).
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX provided outstanding care during my stay with them.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX saved my life. Bless them!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX / doctors (staff) are always great. XXXXXX on the other hand, always TERRIBLE experiences rude staff (doctors have been good) can't tell the difference between sputum/urine, ignored by nurses
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX doctors & nurses & staff were no. 1.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX first class & getting better
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has been wonderful to both myself and my late husband XXXXXXXXXXXXX He passed XXXXXXXXXXXXX peacefully with me by his side with the help of a very caring staff and Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXX's care Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has provided the best care to all patients - keep up the great work!! Blessings
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a very busy place - there is a lot of pressure on everyone. However, I felt I was in very good hands and had no worries. The doctors need a few changes to my meds and it helped my condition XX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a well run hospital with excellent staff. It is well maintained with very adequate equipment the food is decent (better than it was a few years ago)
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is amazing with top rate care I have never ever had an issue in all of my years in XXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is great at emergency dept
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is great!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX very poor. My father is XX & has been in a few times. I have his POA so am very involved. Very happy with the entire group there! No exceptions!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is more welcoming and best care preferred over XXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is very professional, caring helpful.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (unreadable) is an excellent hospital stay in if you are lucky enough to get a bed nurses are very professional but very caring.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is an amazing hospital and will always go there for any care unless required to go to other hospital. I would drive to XXXXXX if XXXXXXXX could not assist will never go to XXXXXX hospital.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was not happy with her caring (unreadable) to outside help? No help from her cause stress
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is an excellent example of how a hospital should be. This survey has no reflection on XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXX.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX ER department is very positive, friendly staff. The RN's are kind and know how to make you feel comfortable The doctors are great they treat the RN's w/ respect They also explain treatment to their patients before they take action It's nice to hear laughter to the workplace.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is definitely superior in all aspects in comparison to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX need a Tim Hortons in house
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX needs new, fresh triage nurses. They are all miserable and seem generally unhappy, unfriendly and cranky. Everything else was satisfactory.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is an amazing hospital. Exceptional doctors, nurses and all staff. We are lucky to have this wonderful hospital in our area.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Hospital XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a great hospital I was born here and live in XXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is only one I will go to. They are fantastic. Never again will I step foot in XXXXXX emerg dept. Treated so badly.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, all doctors, nurses and staff treated me with respect and explained what my concerns were. Provided excellent care.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXX is a very busy, necessary & well equipped space with caring, experienced & hard working doctors, nurses & technicians.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX missed the boat on my problem. After 7 hrs wait to dee doc sent for xrays where techs were very rough. Results to doctor were tendonitis of shoulder. Scripted tramadol no shoulder support. 2 weeks later presented to XXXXXXXXXXXX. Dr. spent at least 1/2 hr speaking to me before more and proper xrays. Turned out I had a coracoid process fracture of the shoulder and a bony bankart lesion. Was in and out within 2 hrs with mri booked. OS scheduled for 4 days later and properly braced and scripted XXX Pass grade. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX-Fail
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a wonderful hospital. The staff are always so kind and treat you as if you were family.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is always being threatened with closing. This can never happen. It serves our area and our families. The care is #1
Yeah I just wanted to go home
Yeah there's some questions on this that are a little much maybe look int it.
Yes - I would like too say thank you to every one at Bluewater Health - I was very well taken care of & felt comfortable the whole time
Yes - small local hospitals are definitely necessary to serve a rural community!
Yes call XXXXXXXXXXXXXX please. XXXXXXXXXX. I would like to whip in shape without beating XXX call?
Yes during my stay I heard a male staff member telling the patient in the next bed to stop using the call buttons so much. I think she was in pain
Yes food not desirable - not once was it hot!
Yes I believe nurse etc are terribly underpaid for what they do.
Yes I didn't like the hospital food
Yes I found the hospital very cold, need heat up that for sure.
Yes I had a total knee replacement and the home care lady told me about the driving that I could not drive for 2 weeks. Later I found out it was no driving for six weeks.
Yes I live in XXXXXXXXXX I go to emergency room in XXXXXXXX The reason is, my wife + I both have nothing but bad service in XXXXXX. They are terrible + they are incompetent with horrible service. 6 to 10 hrs with no results. Consistently bad XXXXXXXXX
Yes I said mostly yes to nurse I had 1 nurse on days that was not respectful. She was rude - she said more than once she had no time and did not send anyone else I asked for sandwich warm blankets and ginger ale/ I was very hungry and cold. I am underweight and so hungry I was shaking Very upset about that The male nurse was the opposite kind helpful and found me what I needed. I liked him because he was kind and respectful. I could not get up to help myself.
Yes nurses on 4F XXXXX are are real good RNS real good one is XXXXX. very good (unreadable) pumped To XXXXXXXXXXXX chief executive officer job well done sir.
Yes She passed away from stage 4 aggressive cancer (lung) on XXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes staff should make sure when transferring a patient from ER to a bed that the bed has been cleaned and not covered with blood on pillow cases and sheet. Especially during Covid 19 outbreak. It was terrifying not knowing if I was going to contract the virus and the fact they never cleaned the linen on the bed before putting me in it. They waited a couple of hours and then brought me clean linen for me to make my own bed. I took pictures of the bloody linen and sent them to my doctor. DIsgusting.
Yes their could be the bed covers be straightened ones a day
Yes this hospital and staff saved my life
Yes you need to train older nurses better ways to treat patients they are not very good ruff and mean.
Yes! I would not be here. If were not for the care I got at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Thanks everyone! XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes! The doctor was extremely rude. He was more interested in being in the other room and chatting with the other 'fellows'. There was not any other people in the emerge. This doctor did not have any bedside manners!! I would not recommend him to anyone!
Yes! The food was horrible!! One morning, I was served a nutri-bar and a coffee. I took videos each day of my meals and sent them to my family as a joke! They were upset!
Yes! The nurses made me feel very comfortable in the surgery room. They explained everything very well. I was very nervous about the procedure.
Yes! This was the XXXXXXXX on emerg dept. I would love a survey based on my XXXXXX, on visits instead, drastically different survey answers if in XXXXXXXXXX
Yes! When I went to the emergency department there was no one in the triage. She was gone on break and I waited approximately 20 minutes until she returned. The other lady there was busy on her cell phone and ignored me I was the only person in triage for the first 10 minutes or so. When the triage nurse did return she sat down and proceeded to laugh and talk to the other lady, before asking me to come in While waiting for someone to speak to in triage, I finally went up to the lady beside where the triage nurse sits and asked her if there was someone I could speak with and she said the triage nurse would be back soon and to sit and wait for her She finally returned about 10 minutes later! This would not be good if someone needed immediate attention!
Yes, any other time I was in emerg dept. They were so kind & courteous. This time the person who took my temp & blood pressure was so rude & nurses as well. Don't know why? I had to ask for a blanket & nurse just walked by as if she didn't hear me but came back & dropped the blanket off. She didn't talk to me. So sad
Yes, doctor should not be wearing a arm band trying to put stitches in.
Yes, everything, all the tests were well coordinated and the wait times were minimal Everyone was very kind and polite Everything, procedures were all explained to me The nursing team on the 3rd floor were fantastic! Thank you
Yes, I had a female anesthesiologist that was amazing She explained everything to me, set my injured leg in the stirrup to check for comfort before putting me to sleep? Was very kind! I wish I had a chance to thank her post surgery!!
Yes, I had many tests, c scan, xray, colon scoped, & no one gave me any results & it's my body!!!
Yes, I was a surrogate mother for 2 gay male friends of mine. We were 1 of 2 that XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has had. We all had a wonderful experience. All our birthing wishes were met.
Yes, I was a surrogate mother for a gay male couple. Our birth plans were very well communicated between all staff. Wonderful experience.
Yes, I was very upset that I had to take out my insulin pump cause nobody knew how to work them. Everyone should be taught how to use them.
Yes, my answers were put sometimes because the newer young nurses didn't treat me with good courtesy like the experienced nurses did. Example asked a nurse for a blanket and didn't receive until I called nurse again 15 mins later. XXXXXXX, XXXXX, and XXXXXXX were amazing to me!! Other nurses should mentor the practice like your senior nurses
Yes, please do something about the food.
Yes, reclining chairs in holding area where you wait for results. Blankets too. Thanks
Yes, sometimes they tell you this is not an emergency - but to me - I believe it is and at one time a doctor said if it would be your heart I would know what to do! But it is wrong to even say that
Yes, thank you for a chance! I was sent with a letter from a clinic so I was expedited immediately tried to fill this out on line. Website address did not take me to the proper place? XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes, the doctor who performed the scope said he was taking samples. One was for infection (testing for) & the other for cancer. He said he would see me in 3 weeks because he was going on vacation. I didn't think it was fair that I had to wait 3 long weeks to find out if I had cancer or not. I tried calling his office & they told me he couldn't see me for 5 weeks! I asked if they could just tell me the results of the tests and she said the doctor would have to discuss it with me. Eventually she gave me a date 3 weeks away.
Yes, the food at least mine was
Yes, the reason for my visit was my blood pressure was 165/86 and my left side was numb I am a small person 43 kg. The doctor told me to go home and tabulate the readings for a weak + then see my family doctor. I told him that my left side is numb but he didn't care. I told him I don't want to leave as I am afraid of having a stroke my mom suffered; but the doctor didn't care. Was very disappointed and afraid. I still suffer a numbness in the left arm. Thank you. XXXXXXXXXXXXX X XXXXXXXXXXXXXX X XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes, there should be someone available to help you get through this hospital when you are unable to walk long distances (unreadable) to it from x-ray dept. (unreadable) to the unit Necessary a emergency (unreadable) The volunteer say they can't push someone in the wheelchair
Yes, there were 2 nurses and a week doctor named XXXXX who went above and beyond their duties the 1st night I puked everywhere just as their shift ended but they stayed after to help me.
Yes. I believe that the lack of MD's with hospital privileges is very much a detriment to the patient. During my stay I was in CCU for a bit over a week with two different staff cardiologists and on 2nd rehab with a different physician. I should note that both my current GP and cardiologist do not have hospital privileges. They are the ones familiar with my case, not a staff MD who does not know me or my case.
Yes. I had an issue when I got admitted with cannulation (placing the needle in my vain for intravenous medication administration) many failed attempts by nurses to find the vain and at the end a doctor was called to do it. I think nurses should get more training in this area as it can be risky to wait for long for intravenous administration be done and also painful sometimes.
Yes. It took all day to diagnose my problem while waiting hours (all day) my appendix ruptured. Ended up with an abscess one was 9 ctm had to return to hospital 10 days later I was given no antibiotic after 4 days (disgusting)
Yes. My husband brought me an ankle length house robe. It was oldish but in excellent condition when transferred by staff from emerg to the 3rd floor in was on the stretcher with toiletries The next morning - it was missing My husband checked everywhere for it. It was never found??
Yes. Upon entry at emergency dept I informed (nurse, receptionist?) sitting just inside that I believed I was having a heart attack She "barked" at me "sanitize your hands" The very last thing I was concerned about was wether or not my "fucking" hands were clean After the initial testing etc - I sat on the emergency dept for 12 hrs waiting for a room During that time the total contact I had with doctors and nurses may have added up to an hour (maybe) I had to find the bathroom on my own, no one inquired during the time if I was thirsty or hungry. The emergency department did not seem all that busy during this time, so maybe staff was short handed Overall experience in this area was not the best. Why is this form going to XXXXXXX and not to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX That's the biggest issue. Someone out of town deciding on things for the facility here!
Yes. Visit to the emergency department should last no more than 2 hrs.
You have wonderful nursing staff!
You let the crack heads & junkies go first and make good people with kids wait Drugs are self induced are you kidding they can wait in line and die!
You need more staff They are overworked and that makes it harder on those who have to stay and receive care and they can't because all staff are busy.
You need to improve your food Need a different menus + choices
You need to retrain whoever you have reading my test results as my X year old daughter was very ill and was told the test came back negative when it was positive, which she could of got worse and potentially turned fatal. I am very upset about this I will think twice returning to your emerg next time.
You need to shorten your time in the emergency in XXXXXX It is terrible
Young nursing staff need direction and older staff have retired. Nurses left me with meds to take by myself. Should be monitored or watch patient take medication. PSW needs a lot of training or supervision, (very rough) Nursing staff wait for PSW no sense of team work. Nurses sitting in central area chatting personal conversation for lengthy periods of time. Cleanliness of rooms very bad! More attention needed. 70% of nurses are excellent, knowledgeable etc. but some need training, compassion and education.
Your emergency dept was a disgrace the way I was dealt with both times in 3 days Had to wait 6 1/2 hrs to see a doctor when I had a fever of 104 degrees Then sent home to have more problems later RAting for your emergency ward 0 Staff 0 to 10 it would be 0
Your hospital is very nice Very clean Staff very friendly I am very complimentary XXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Your nurses are very overworked not enough staff for the amount of people in emerg our nurses give the best care possible in the short time the can spend with you. Get more help for them they are overworked!
Your nurses on the 4th floor were awesome. I DID hear a woman in the in the next room swear and bully one of your nurses. This should never happen!!
Your nursing staff is great. Your Doctor's however have treated me in the last two years with utter disregard. I have been sent home with serious concussion and head injuries with little to no regard of my personal health. 7/9 times I have met Drs that have done little to figure out or diagnose an issue. I have lived in three different provinces and many different cities. Your Dr staff is the most horrendous and unprofessional I have ever come across. Too bad your nurses don't run the show. I had to go to emerge 3 times in one month, explaining I had pneumonia, as I have had it multiple times, only to be told two times I was fine. I had no physical contact with the dr, he did not do basics ie checking glands, looking at ears or throat. After a month of being incredibly ill, I was finally diagnosed with pneumonia. This is the least disturbing interaction I've had at your hospital. It doesn't speak volumes to your clinical staff. Again, triage, volunteers and nurses have been the only positive feedback or experience I have had.
Your parking fees are ridiculous, charging people to park for visiting for hospital services, to see a friend or whatever is just wrong, period. Get $ for snow removal, etc from somewhere else, it's wrong!!
Your staff and doctors were very polite, respectful They answered all of our questions & every single person on the hospital staff were very nice & as helpful as they could be. Even offering to drive my spouse if she needed a ride.
"Very good"
"We need a bigger Emergency Department."
$11 is too much for parking for a simple issue The wait time was so long my blood pressure went up which increased the duration of my visit
(1) It took 6+ hours to obtain an x-ray & diagnosis if shoulder was broken. This is too long of a wait period for any individual, especially for a XX year old man (2) No assistance or support to help him get into my care when leaving.
(1) The triage nurse asked me "if anyone had come to my home to help me with anything". I don't think she was paying attention as I am able bodied and XX years old It left me wondering what she was assuming or if she was actually paying attention. (2) The ER doctor did not like the fact that I don't have a family doctor & made a point of lecturing me about it - she said "as I'm XX, I will be needing various tests as I age..." I appreciate that is her field of study, however, I choose (on an ongoing basis) practicing wellness (diet, exercise, mindfulness work) with my own support team (naturopaths...) Due to past drug interactions (allergies) I've made a choice which for the most part has worked very well for me. I left the hospital that night feeling angry & frustrated that staff expectations are so low for people as they age!
1 very bad experience went by ambulance nurse looked at my leg. "Her response nothing wrong." Left me in emerg till 105 am, before asking dr. to see me. He immediately called an ambulance was sent to XXX. My dr had called the emerg 3 pm. before I went the emerg.
1. I was sent to x-ray alone, walking, and I should have had a wheel chair. It wasn't offered & I didn't think to ask... 2. When I was in the procedure room waiting my transfusion, 3 nurses/staff were laughing about an answer I had given to a doctor in an examining room when it was just him and I. I hadn't known the right answer at the time and just said what was in my mind. 24 hours later I figured our the right answer. I didn't like being the but of a joke, especially when I felt I'd answered confidentially.
1. when the elderly visit, nurses need to be sensitive to their needs perhaps some sensitivity training for those staff. 2. because a family member is with an older does not mean that nursing staff should not attend to them. We were not visited by a nurse from 12:30 - 4:30 PM. This is not acceptable.
4 hours in emerg with a X year old with a swollen and sore throat is way too long. Young children need to be treated quicker. Will not take them to XXX again.
4 hrs, four hrs, to see doctor. Too much medical jargon. Would tell people never go or stay alone -to clarify info, negotiate access, need another person. Most people I saw or tech nurse, blood work were great.
48 hrs on stretcher in Emerg while waiting for admission bed is too too long, especially for a XX-yr old. Nurses did what they could, but needed a proper bed, meds, & nursing care.
7 1/2 hours to get, care is too long
A GREAT JOB CONSIDERING THE SITUATION WITH COVID ... VERY PLEASED WITH ALL THAT OCCURRED. GOOD JOB DR. AND NURSES ...
A long wait approx. 7 hours.
A nurse asked me several questions - pills, etc. The doctor didn't seem to have this info as she asked me the same questions
A very good experience... efficient and all were pleasant and polite.
A very professional caring facility that works hard to meet the needs of all.
A week after my visit the doctor called me. I was very relieved because I had returned to the ER with a reaction to the prescription 3 days after the initial visit. That doctor told me to stop taking the meds. When the first doctor did the followup call, I was still having symptoms, he addressed my concerns and gave me answers which relieved my concerns. It was nice to speak to the doctor who had treated me initially, I was going to call my family doctor but she had not seen me and was not familiar with my case. I really appreciated his care and concern!!
Absolutely horrible!!! Waited over 3 hours to be told there was another 7 people still in front of me. 7 people never came in. 1 doctor for an emergency dept the size of XXXXXXXXX on the weekend is ridiculous. I left without getting any medical attention at all. The hospital website said less than an hour wait!! Ya right!
Absolutely ridiculous that I was pushed back further and further so that doctor could do the easy cases leaving me bleeding in the waiting room for HOURS. DISGUSTING
After 6 hours I did not see a doctor. I left.
After the blood work, no one told me what was next. Dr I saw at clinic wanted to send me by ambulance refused. Would not have even gone to ER if it was left up to me. My regular dr was on vacation it was a viral inflation of the liver, no known cure
After the xray I was told they could see nothing & would call when the radiologist looked at it. A week later I called & I had a fracture (compression). That's why I was in so much pain. Doctor & nurses were good, but did & do anything to stop the pain each time I come to your ER. Not sure if I'll come back.
After waiting 4 hrs & 15 min I was in so much pain I had no alternative but leave
Again, please send my biggest warmest hug and well wishes to Dr. XXXXXXXXXX - he's the best.
All device was great
All in all I was professionally cared for, but it also felt like I was on an assembly line. It feels like they want to get you in and out as quick as possible.
ALL IN ALL NO COMPLAINTS...
All of the staff that I came into contact with were excellent. No one wants to spend the night in emergency but they made it a good experience I am not from XXXXXXXXX and had to find a way home before I could be released.
All of the staff was friendly and helpful during both if my visits. Including the ultrasound technician that transported me from the imaging department to the emergency department via a wheelchair as I was in extreme pain and could barely walk.
All staff were caring and courteous at all times. I felt that I was in good hands.
All staff were courteous, attentive and provided adequate care for my situation.
All staff were very professional and helpful explaining what to look for and do to assist my X month old during his high fever and chest congestion Thank you to all staff It was greatly appreciated
All staff, clerks, nurses, doctor and technicians are very professional, personable, helpful and friendly. Thanks TO ALL!
All the administration, nurses, the guy that transported me to and from the x-ray, x-ray technician, the doctor all treated me with great respect. Due to my high blood pressure they took great care to make sure that the heart was good and they reassured me when they could that my heart was good. This information was helpful in knowing that I was going to be okay.
ALL the staff were wonderful and have the patience of saints as they are every time I have been. Everyone should get Kudos !
Although I believe I received good care, and I have no complaints about the care that I personally received, I rated the ED with 'definitely no', in response to the question, 'would not recommend the ED to family & friends?' for the following reasons: I observed a triage nurse being very disrespectful as she yelled repeatedly at an elderly woman who kept pulling her mask down in order to speak. The nurses were neither polite nor compassionate about the fact that no visitors were allowed, they just kept saying, 'no visitors allowed' abruptly and coldly (like automatons) to each person who arrived with someone else. They also use medical jargon that very few people understand. I am a XXXXX; I know what 'triage' means, but very few people, unless they are healthcare providers or watch medical dramas, know the meaning of that word. The word triage should be defined in a sign on the wall, and nurses should explain what it means when they use it. I did write an email with the aforementioned observations following my visit to the ED.
Although the wait was longer than I would have liked, and the doctor kept getting called away for short periods, I did feel it was reasonable especially with the Covid-19 issue going on and understand the difficulty they have been dealing with. My biggest complaint I have with the XXXXXXXXX ER is the official wait times and number of people waiting lists are never close to being accurate and I have never seen them updated while there. (Once I waited 6 hours to see a doctor and it said average wait time was 40 minutes and the longest time was 1 hour and that 12 people were waiting to be seen and it never changed once during the 6 hours I waited)
Always feels friendly and professional. Thank you
Amazing care and service. Amazing staff who care! Thanks ER!
An emergency room patient should never have to walk to + from the xray department by themselves. Very unacceptable in my opinion I was pointed to the xray + had to return to the waiting room on my own
Answers are based on my X year old sons visit - hence some responses
Answers kind of skewed since I was to my dr first and he sent me there for a surgical consult.
ANY TIME I HAVE BEEN TO EMERGENCY AT THE HOSPITAL THE WAIT TIMES HAVE EXTREMELY LONG EVEN PRIOR TO COVID.
Appreciated being directed to the appropriate waiting area for the kind of problem
Arrived at 9:30 PM, got home at 4:00 AM. First X-ray at 3:AM. Blood test at 2:AM. Diagnosis was Diverticulitis For the first 5 hours nobody paid attention to me. Will think twice of going to ER ever again. Thanks
Arrived at hospital after fall down icy steps, injured, ankle, knee, back & shoulders. Upon entry triage nurse instructed me to leave ED to move my car - it was a priority. Nurse did not offer assistance or support, I had to leave ED unsupported & injured, in a lot of pain. Wait in parking lot for a space to open up - approx 20-30 min, security & triage was aware & offered 0 support. Security often looked out the window to see if car was moved but did not come out to check on health. Doctor did not look at injured areas, only ordered xrays & delivered prognosis. All of this was done in a hallway while I lay on a gurney, nobody asked where I lived or how I was getting home. Felt disrespected!
Arrived at the ER at 845 pm with an lacerated finger needing stitches - left the ER at midnight after receiving 6 stitches and a tetanus shot -
Arrived by ambulance, query XXX + not seen by doctor for 5 hours. Little interaction with nurses, they often were sitting at desk talking.
Arriving to our ER department is concerning. To have to speak (yell) to someone about your health concerns through a glass window in front of a full waiting room of strangers is uncomfortable and provides zero patient confidentiality. However, given my condition warranted immediate attention for airway support, I was rushed into zone 1 and treated very efficiently and respectfully which was comforting.
As an RPN, I was appalled at the lack of listening to my complaints, concerns, symptoms, history. No respect or consideration given to my knowledge of my own body or that I am also a health care professional. This resulted in emergency surgery at another ER that would finally address my problem I will suffer to drive an extra 30 mins to an ER that actually treats patients with respect and completes appropriate and thorough assessments than to suffer through another XXX ER visit I sought medical help in the XXXX 4 times! Until I was finally fed up and drove to XXXXXXXXX where my care was amazing! But the week hospital stay due to the horrible job of your staff was not appreciated I'm also not sure which of the three visits you were referring to for the questionnaire but the answers apply to all three so it doesn't matter I guess
As l was leaving this one nurse was exceptionally rude to me. She wore an angry looking well rehearsed facial expression l did not appreciate over me asking her to make a phone call. Her voice continued in this tone because she was unable to contact my ride home. She was the one l was told to ask to call my kids number to get a ride home and she acted like l wronged her by asking. It tainted my whole hospital experience. Added to me not feeling well it upset me. If this is the way she operates towards sick patients on a daily basis it's just not right.
As visits go, it was better than most.
Aside from wait time, I cannot say enough good things about Dr XXXXXX. Kind, professional emphatic
Asked for pain killer 3x and was told by nurse she will get it for me. She never came around. It would have been better if she just explained that pain killer could not be provided until test were completed or until I seen the doctor. At the end I had a miscarriage given morphine after being in hospital for 6+ hours.
At this particular time, I felt that the dr. did not really consider my condition as important - I was left in a room - waited quite awhile before I was re-checked on. I have a medical background and each individual should be treated with respect and made to feel that no matter what the issue is, everyone should be checked on by staff - and an explanation given as to why they are no being seen.
At times I found the wait time long - 6 hours for a bruised face due to a fall is a bit excessive 3 hrs I could understand not 6 I was brought in by ambulance sat on gurney where can't stay for an hour or two Too long
Backlog of patients & beds in the halls is very troubling. An epidemic or severe health crisis could be tragic.
Because I am in XXXXXXXXXX, I expect to get the care I give in the office to our patients and this time was exceptional. The last time was beyond horrible. Abdominal pain was NOT taken seriously and I waited too long in a waiting room with many patients. Writhing and walking in pain. Some people should not be in healthcare.
Because I had a newborn I was seen right away - thank you but there were people sleeping in the hall, complaining they haven't been seen + very few nurses on. There was no one up front when I got there. I had to go find someone myself + ask
Because of the 5 hour wait I understand its the fracture clinic but wow some of the people were just livid.
Before being seen here we had 3 visits to the same walk-in clinic. Finally here they listened, the dr. was awesome at help to find a suitable medicine that brought relief. Very grateful.
Being a stroke victim, I felt the nurses and doctor took good care to ensure I was comfortable and at ease with my situation
Best emergency visit I have experienced in a long time.
BOTH DOCTORS KNEW EXACTLY WHAT WAS WRONG AND HOW TO CORRECT IT. THE NURSE ON DUTY DID EVERYTHING TO MAKE MY STAY AS COMFORTABLE AS POSSIBLE.
Both Doctors were incredibly kind & gentle when feeling around my sore side. The first Doctor was the same one who looked after me when I first came in with this problem, back in XXXXXXXXXX. They made me laugh, and forget my pain for awhile. Many Thanks to both Doctors. They are My Heroes!
Both of the ER drs that I saw during the two days I visited the hospital were wonderful. Very helpful in getting me the care I needed.
Came in for a head injury sustained at work. I advised medical staff of my numerous previous concussions (including 1 TBI) but was only treated for the cut on my head and not the concussion. Was told by my own doctor a week later that I should not have returned to work so soon. Was told by ER doctors to return in 2 days. Almost 2 weeks later I'm still off with concussion symptoms.
Came in with chest pains and heart palpitations. Saw triage nurse Immediately. Waited 3 hours before anybody spoke to me again. After 3 hours was taken from ER waiting room. To another waiting room across the hall. Waited there for 90 minutes, was then moved into an exam room sat in the exam room for another 60 minutes. I decided to leave. The hospital/ER was not busy. There was 6 people (four of them patients) when I arrived. The following day I went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was in and out in 2 hours and 10 minutes. In that time I spoke with a nurse, a doctor, had xrays, blood work and results. I have never experienced reasonable wait times at XXX I find the ER to be chaotic and unprofessional.
Came to your hospital, for XXXXXXX CAT scan was broken, was able to get in quickly and the staff was very friendly. Found out the results back at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Can see improvement from last emergency room visit
Care was adequate Wait time to see doctor was lengthy after all test results were back As I feel better & they were back to normal I was considering leaving & following up with family doctor
Care was so excellent I returned to give the nurses a piant each
CB sometimes and after a surgery would be different. The fracture clinic was different than the surgery and quite different. Everything was fine.
Chairs to sit on, little butter/margarine/mayo on turkey sandwich - too dry to eat.
Clean, helpful, fast
Considerable time could have been saved by not having the doctor search for supplies.
Considering Covidiots and the amount of patients being rude and inconsiderate to all of the staff, doctors, nurses, porters and cleaning staff they are doing a great job,all were considerate, helpful,and I came away feeling that I new what was going on with my health and how to follow up. Thank you all.
Considering it was a visit for a serious allergic reaction (at least it seemed so to me) I found the whole experience to be quite enjoyable. I have only praise for the work they do.
Considering the day and hour of my visit, I think I was in the ER an exceptionally long time. I had chest pain and severe abdominal bloating and only one suggestion of heartburn was stated by very kind doctor. However I feel other information such as leaky gut syndrome could have been discussed. The doctor appeared very caring. The nursing staff appeared some what less than caring. I understand the pressures and demands of their job though so I do not hold it against them. However in my estimate this was a slower than usually hour/day of the week. Thank you
Considering the pandemic spreading across our nation, I think the hospital is doing ok at keeping the physical distancing. However, XXX has suffered due to wait times for emergencies pre pandemic. I'd like to see them get better with this. As this is the number one reason why most people in XXXX refuse to go to our hospital and will drive to other counties or cities to seek medical help.
Corridor health care must stop! With the population explosion of free immigrants, we need more health providers, and hospital space to deal with the mounting access required for an aging population and free loaders from other countries!
Covid protocols in place and being followed, proper management of wait room spacing and seating availability, quick plow of patients by priority, good communication with patients in wait room, very quick and efficient testing and communication of results (had blood, EKG and x-ray, 2 of 3 results before I even left).
d Professor of Endocrinology at XXXXXXXXXXXX Hospital in XXXXXX. Those of us with pituitary disease deserve better treatment than this. Our lives are on the line. I feel that I deserve follow up and dialogue, so this will never happen again. XXXXXXXXXXXXHaving been through the XXXXXX, I am well known with my rare disease of Hypopituitarism..followed by specialists in XXXXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I have been admitted many times to The XXX. On the day of XXXXXXXX, I was treated with disrespect, sent home in pain in an unstable condition. The female Hospitalist did not understand my condition, nor did she pay any attention to the letter that I carry from my Endocrinologist in XXXXXX. At this time my husband was not allowed in to the ER with me, and as I was in Adrenal Crisis, I was confused, in pain and also in a hypertensive crisis. I was accused of being a drug seeker, after being treated with Emergency IV Solu Cortef. Back and leg pain is explained in the letter that I carry, along with my Emergency Injectable Solu Cortef. I pleaded with the female physician that I needed more Solu Cortef, and that I was still in pain. I was confused and thought that I had vomited my last two pain pills, as they were due to be filled at the Pharmacy on the next day. I was confused. I was not out of meds at all. I had my husband on my cell phone, but they would not speak to him. He was very upset as he always accompanies me during Crisis, as I do get confused, and as the letter explains, I can quite easily fall into coma and die without the correct treatment. I do not remember the name of the young female doctor, but she had the nurses convinced that I was not really ill. They told me to put on my clothes and leave, all the while I was crying and telling them how frightened I was. When I asked for assistance to the door to meet my husband, one of them said..you know the way. Once home my husband proceeded to give me extra Intramuscular Injections of Solu Cortef that we must keep on hand for Emergencies. He administered Intramuscular Gravol as well. We also have it on hand when I am vomiting during an attack. My BP finally came down and I was able to take in oral fluids. My endocrinologist, Dr XXXXXXXXXXXX at XXXXXXXXXXXX was very disturbed when told of my treatment. Because my husband knew what to do, I did not lapse into coma, and finally came around, frightened and confused. The female physician wrote a letter to my pain clinic in XXXXXX, giving a completely erroneous description of the situation. I can tell you that I was on Pod 3, and would not have gone except for my vomiting and need for Emergency Meds. This physician had no understanding of my rare pituitary disease, and I believe that she did not even contact an Internist. She put my life at great risk. I am a retired RN, and I have never been treated this way in my life. In order to stay alive, I must self administer subcutaneous Solu Cortef into my abdomen four or five times daily. I am immune suppressed because of the steroids, and never would have gone to the ER during the start of the Covid pandemic. I was in trouble, and because I was confused, alone and in pain, I was treated with complete disrespect, and told to go home while still very unstable. My tears and panic did nothing. I was not myself, as I was slipping into delirium, and if I raised my voice it was due the complete fear that I was subjected to. I am not a rude person, ever. The Internists at XXX know me well, and are familiar with the need for follow up and quick treatment. I have a very rare condition, and now am completely panicked that we will have to drive to XXXXXX should I slip into Adrenal Crisis once more. I am so ashamed that I was treated this way. XXXXXXXXX is our home, and never did we ever expect that my life would be put in such danger because of the arrogance and judgement of a Doctor and at least two RNs. The whole situation was disgraceful. I hope that you will address this traumatic day. We are quite willing to reach some sort of explanation. The people of XXXXXXXXX should never have their lives put at risk because of stubborn and judgemental medical staff. I know that Dr XXXXXXX would be willing to discuss this with you. He is a Respe
Definitely, The service and care I received at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was exemplary. I was treated by competent Physicians and Nurses in a caring manner that put my mind at ease. I left the hospital with a plan for further tests and specialists visits that was initiated by the hospital staff. Thanks for the opportunity to express my appreciation.
Did not receive care + complaint was placed I have endometriosis, adenomyosis, cyclic vomiting synd, nutcracker + crockett syndromes. I went in due to a change in my health + was not taken seriously I'm under the care of specialists at XXXXXXXXXXX + advised to no longer seek health care from this facility.
Disappointment, the BGH website is very clear about why people should go to ER The person before me had a sore shoulder (3 weeks!) and a woman had a 3 year old with fever and emesis + 48 hrs the child was drinking + eating in the waiting room. Too bad that the general population continues to abuse the ER
Doctor completely unconcerned - totally misdiagnosed my problem - couldn't get rid of me quick enough. All other support staff very good.
Doctor did not come in the room after my air boot was given to me nor gave me any directions. Nurses were going back and forth to him asking. Doctor didn't tell me what I shouldn't be doing or gave me any information. Awful visit.
Doctor I saw was thorough, great bed side manners. Took a long time to see him, due to the amount of patients in emergency.
Doctor mad at me for coming to hospital I don't know now the date I last went to hospital and she was a big bitch. See should not have been paid Please do not send this paper to this address again. I moving next week.
Doctor seemed very knowledgeable and most nurses very friendly. Females were willing to help and kind. One male nurse pretty aggressive and not friendly. Waited for a long time with an IV in without follow up when it was no longer on. Long wait times.
Doctor told us right rib was broken and pain is on the right. - XXXX - LPN - XXX + personal doctor all got report from dr. saying it was rib on left side
Doctor was fantastic and did follow up with me to make sure I had gotten my test results
Doctor was from another country, had a very thick accent, talked very fast. Nice. Left not knowing exactly what was wrong.
Doctors + nurses were excellent. Very compassionate and (unreadable). Explained everything as they went along eg - ultrasound, xray, (unreadable) of my lungs. Can't say anything else. Excellent.
Doctors and nurses and other persons who registered me where superb, polite
Doctors and nurses were extremely thoughtful and down to earth. Thank you for treating me with respect and care.
Doctors very busy could use more help! Nurses excellent very professional
Don't have a resident doctor try and complete learning on a X year old when they are in pain and need medical attention and be treated right away. Save the learning for a situation that isn't so time sensitive.
Dr was thorough and great bed side manners
Dr XXXXXXX was very helpful and caring. He referred me to another doctor who could help with my problem and I have been seen by him.
Dr XXXXXXXX was thorough, patient and kind. He is an asset to your team.
Dr. XXXX did blood tests on me. My sugar was 26. I went home and waited for the bloodwork results. I was told if it went any higher to go back to the ER. It came down and I started breathing better. A couple of days later Dr. XXXX called me to see how I was. I have never had a doctor call me to see how I was doing
Dr. XXXX provided excellent care. He and the nurses checked on me often and gave me the treatment to make me feel better.
Dr. XXXX was the doctor on call when I arrived
Dr. XXXXX was great and informative. The physician assistant (I forget her name) was also great
Dr. XXXXXX was truly exceptional very thorough. Personable and empathetic. I couldn't have hoped to be seen by a mroe wonderful doctor
Dr. XXXXXXX in XXXXXXXXXXXXX is amazing. Great bedside manner, sense of humor and excellent suture technique. She was right ... way better than trying it myself at home.
Dr. XXXXXXX was very good.
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX is a fantastic ER doc. Calm, collected and very courteous and professional with all patients and staff. Very happy to see a younger doctor perform in a stressful environment with mental strength and ease. XXXXXXXXX should be happy to have such an excellent ER with quick turnaround times. The only downside in my mind was all the 'recreational drug' patients coming through the doors and tying up resources, but that's a current social issue and not one that the hospital should be responsible for.
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX was amazing - both emergency room (Urgent Care at XXXXXXX) were related to the same infection. The second visit was because at the end of my first visit she asked me to come back in 48 hours for her to check the progress of healing.
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a very nice doctor with whom I felt very comfortable discussing the UTI for which I needed testing and medication.
Dr's bedside manners were terrible. Felt like in assembly line. Didn't examine me, was too busy writing as I was talking to understand where I actually hurt.
Dr's whom work in the emergency department need to keep there personal opinions about things they do not like to themselves instead of stating them to there patience face. We do not come there to get lectures or hear there opinions on things that did not bring us to the ER in the first place. A Dr. stated to my face that she did not like men period whom smoked, ok your opinion, I was not there for that reason at all. Opinion to yourself.
Due to my back elements, and past back surgeries, I'm in a lot of pain, and it seems to help Ministry has taken upon themselves to make it nearly impossible just to even get Tylenol off your family doctor do to all the addiction problems we have in society, I'm XX years old, I do smoke cigarettes, I don't drink and I don't take drugs, I have purpose, I have absolutely nothing to give me relief from pain thanks to these social problems, this is Criminal and totally unfair, thank you for your time. XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX PHONE: XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Due to the fact I told the triage nurse I was sent to the hospital by a walk-in doctor I thought my vitals should have been taken. It wasn't until 45 minutes later I was called back up and my vitals were then taken. The walk-in doctor suggested I go to the hospital because I had chest pain,shortness of breath and my pulse was high.
Due to the volume of patients in the emergency room staff don't have the opportunity to take time with each patient. I typically avoid going to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX whenever possible. I would much rather go to the hospitals in XXXXXXXX. I rarely have a positive experience when I attend the XXX.
During my Emergency visit, I was very impressed with the care, kindness, compassion as soon as I walked into the ER. The receptionist was so kind and wonderful. Also, the ER Doctor, Dr. XXXXXXXXX and the nurse practitioner XXX and I don't recall the other practitioner's name were absolutely wonderful! I was so so grateful that when I mentioned my symptoms to XXX, she sent me immediately for a CT scan and explained the results to me. She was so thorough and I really appreciated the Doctor making the call to have a CT scan. It eased my mind as I thought there was something very serious going on after a bad vertigo episode. Kudos to the entire staff and THANK YOU for taking care of those in need! I was so impressed with their compassion and kindness that I wanted to give them a treat. I bought them some Boston cream donuts to enjoy which they loved! Thank you to CEO and President Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX for doing the great work that you do for the residents of our community of XXXXXXXXX, XXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Be safe, be strong and stay healthy!
During my visit my heart rate & temp were really high and I struggled to control it when I went home I wanted to stay the night, but I was sent home anyway, and had to return at midnight, was also sent home.
During this pandemic, I was quite impressed with how smoothly the ER department ran things.
During this time of Covid I was treated very well while at my local Emergency Department. The Doctor and Nurses were just great, I am very happy with the care I received. I was quite dizzy when I arrived and was quickly led to a chair in Triage. I am grateful for the services of our Doctors, Nurses and all the staff in the Emergency Department.
During this visit we waited for 4 hours to have my daughter's ailment assessed by a doctor. When the doctor did look at her, she spent a matter of 3 minutes with us and provided a diagnosis without a physical assessment of my daughter until I asked her to look at my daughter's leg. My frustration is the diagnosis given (transient synovitis) should not have been given without a blood test and X-ray to rule out other ailments, which turns out was the case as it was not transient synovitis. The following day I took my daughter to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for a second opinion where she was admitted for 2 weeks, was treated by 4 teams, and required an emergency surgery. The orthopaedic surgeon advised that had we followed the direction of the XXX Doctor (which was to alternate with Motrin and Tylenol) it may have resulted in loss of limb. My point in saying this is the doctor we spoke with at XXX seemed rushed and didn't order the necessary initial tests to diagnose Transient Synovitis. We have had other very positive experiences at XXX emerge but this one has left an impact. It is my hope that by writing this, there can be changes made to conduct more thorough investigations and airing on the side of caution by ordering the necessary tests to rule out other possible ailments.
Easy peasy
Emerg full of people who were not sick enough to be there. - People there without doctors - Community two large to have only one hospital - Doctors and nurses are very busy, overloaded - Doctors and nurses did the best they can with overloaded emergency department
Emergency department and C and Treat were exceptional. I had a broken wrist and they did the best they could to manage the pain during treatment. Unfortunately I required surgery which could not be done the same day as the accident. I was told I would be called the next day with a time for surgery the following day. I was never called and there was no way to follow up with anyone (because it was a weekend?). I was called the XXXXXX and told to attend the orthopaedic clinic XXXXXXX morning at 9:30 am, nothing to drink or eat after midnight so I'd be ready for surgery. I had surgery around 6 pm that evening. Dr. XXXX had ordered fluids and pain medication to help until I received surgery. I was taken to day surgery in a wheelchair and sat in the waiting room without any medication from about 1:15 until approximately 4 pm. So not only did I wait 5 days for surgery, nobody looked at the doctors orders before I was taken in for surgery at which point I had had nothing for pain since 9:30 pm the night before, and no water or other fluids since 11 pm the night before, so I was very upset and in a lot of pain by the time they took me in to prep for surgery. So emergency care was 10 out of 10, follow up left a lot to be desired. If surgery can not be done when the patient is told it will be, why can't anyone communicate this to the patient? Why is there no way for the patient to follow-up when not called by the hospital? ( we did try and call, after a run around messages were left but no call backs). And why did no one in day surgery look at my chart and provide fluids and pain medication while I was waiting? Tried to bring this to their attention 2 to 3 times as was told that I was not forgotten, but had to wait because I was an add on. Any chance of a response?
Emergency dept is under staffed and too busy waiting in emergency hallway for 4 days before received a room. Doctors & nurses are great. Need to fix the hospital system.
Emergency dept. at the XXX is awesome, provided excellent compassionate care by all staff attending to my care
Emergency Doctor and Specialist I saw were absolutely amazing
Emergency was so busy that day but because of the problem I had they were fast at getting my problem taken care of Excellent care
ER dept was very quick to respond to my situation in this case, thank you Stroke clinic follow up was not as still waiting for my 'required' tests
ER NURSES ARE MISERABLE. ALL OF THEM. ALSO DID NOT FOLLOW COVID PROTOCOLS. THE WORST PART IS THAT THEY COMPLAIN AND TALK NEGATIVELY ABOUT PATIENTS, COLLEAGUES AND PERSONAL LIFE WHERE PATIENTS CAN HEAR. INCREDIBLY UNPROFESSIONAL!.
ER nurses were wonderful. Caring and considerate.
Even before doing this survey I had thought of the Emergency Department care that I'd gotten the three times I was in the emergency since XXXXX of this year. I was, each time, very favourably impressed by the level of care and consideration given to me by doctors, nurses, transport staff and cleaning staff.
Every health care professional that I encountered throughout my time in Emergency was profoundly kind and caring as well as knowledgeable. I was treated with respect and consideration for what was a very emotional reason to be there (I was having a miscarriage). I had two Emergency visits back to back - the first where I came in with symptoms and pain, the second where I returned the next morning for an ultrasound and results from the Emergency Department. Both visits were the best visits I have had at XXX, I felt like there has been some positive fundamental changes to the care given to patients since the last time I have used the ER. On my second visit I had the pleasure of being introduced to Dr. XXXXX and he was the kindest and most thorough doctor I have met in an Emergency Department. My husband and I instantly felt at ease and trusting of him and his opinion of the procedure options I needed to decide on. He is just a wonderful doctor and human and I am so thankful that I ended up meeting him that day and that he took me on as a patient.
Every time I get sick they always send a phisocratise nurse which I do not need
Everyone in the emergency department was extremely helpful and courteous. I would also like to mention that Dr. XXXXXX, who was my attending physician, was outstanding in every respect. He was extremely attentive and thoroughly explained everything to me, as well as answering all my questions and concerns.
Everyone in the room I was in were very attentive but just the wait to find out what my CT scan showed was the longest wait. Understandable though.
Everyone in Triage was great, then we were sent to see and treated the doctor we got was just okay She didn't really care to explain anything, told me to look it up online so she didn't waste trees or time etc. I couldn't find anything that she was talking about online and thought this to be very unprofessional and not very empathetic towards our situation. XXXXX is X, we waited for 2 hours. There was no one there when we got there, but as we were being triaged there was at least 4 homeless people brought in in ambulances ... which pushed us to the back of the line for care
Everyone involved was doing a great job considering what they have to work with patients laying in beds in hallways & being moved from here to there to the middle of another room is not a good thing too crowded not a convenient layout - less than ideal setup
Everyone of the staff were great. In a time where anyone walking in the door could be sick with a deadly disease they treated professionally. They were professional when others run. Thanks again for the great care.
Everyone seems much happier these days There is hope in the air!!
Everyone that I dealt with, nurses/doctors in emerg, techs in DI and lab staff were friendly, professional and courteous both to me and my partner.
Everyone treated me extremely well
Everyone was amazing and help me through my issue
Everyone was completely amazing I was actually stunned how attentive everyone was with me I needed stiches And a little assessment to see how much damage I had received in a fall Everyone one was understanding I was very apologetic for having to be there But they all understood Accidents happen And they treated me attentively
Everyone was polite and respectful. I did feel that they jumped to a diagnosis pretty quickly. I am hoping they were correct as my symptoms are not improving, despite 3 medications.
Everyone was very courteous and helpful
Everyone was very helpful and caring. I am thankful for all the hard work they do.
Everyone was very kind ,Very professional.
Everyone was very pleasant and did a great job.
Everyone was very professional and the care I was provided was excellent
Everything covered.
Everything was fine I was treated fine
Everything was wonderful!
Excellent
Excellent Care
Excellent care
Excellent care and service. Was very happy with the care given to me. Happy with both doctor and nurses. Thank you for making me comfortable.
Excellent care and very caring staff. Thank you
Excellent care at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Excellent care doctor and nurses gave excellent care Reception was rude at desk
Excellent care from the staff at both XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Emergency department. Everyone I interacted with were very pleasant and helpful. Best experience I've had in quite some time with healthcare. Thank you.
Excellent care received. Thank you.
Excellent care -this was a referral from the walk-in clinic on XXXXXXX with acute urinal retention, first time experienced.
Excellent care was given, comfort was provided, I brought my own pillow, blanket, water, Gatorade, and snacks as these are not offered generally in Emergency. I need to keep hydrated at XX years of age. I knew I would need surgery and asked if I could drink and eat. I felt the emergency Doctor was excellent as I had a fall and fractured my hip. She assessed my hip, head (CT scan) and chest for fractures. In addition, made me feel secure and pain free.
Excellent care. I drove from XXXXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXX. XXXXXXXXXXXX told me I could be waiting "up to 12 hrs." It was my GP who told me to get to ER asap due to chest pains!!
Excellent care. The only time I was uncomfortable was in Triage. Another patient was also in triage and personal questions were being asked if both of us. Zero confidentiality. Otherwise, excellent care.
Excellent caring staff. Treated quickly and with respect.
EXCELLENT PEOPLE/CARE/ESTABLISHMENT.
Excellent service
Excellent service and very friendly staff.
Excellent team Excellent atmosphere Excellent professionalism and care Much appreciated !
Extreme wait times (6+ hours) meant diagnostic tools were not available (CRT Scan) I had to come back next day and endure another 6+ hour wait all this to find out what I already knew My diverticulitis had flared up, and I needed antibiotics 2 entire days gone!
Extremely busy but well managed. Too bad staff numbers can't be increased need more tax dollars Retired RPN.
Fantastic staff!
Far too busy. Too many people waiting for care. We need to keep the XXXXXX open in XXXXX. People without doctors were there who should have been in a doctor's office. We need more emergency room spaces in the XXXXXXXX area.
Felt comfortable going into the XXX, during this co-vid time.
Felt guilty about taking up their time but was on my own & I guess I panicked a little bit
Felt I should've had further care such as xray or mri. Had to seek further medical attention from family dr.
Filled out by XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (mother) on behalf of XXXXXXXXXXXX age X.
Finding out I had a miscarriage alone, due to COVID-19 restrictions was awful. But the nurses, ultrasound technicians, doctors and surgical staff were all very compassionate and made me feel supported when I couldn't have my main support there. Dr. XXXXX was truly amazing to me throughout the process, and when I had to go for day surgery - the day surgery nurses on the morning of XXXXXXXX were incredible - XXXXXX, XXXXXX, and XXXXX I believe their names were.
First and only time I felt that I received timely care at the XXX. Typically it is pathetic and I would go to XXXXXXXXX if I had not been taken by ambulance to XXXXXXXXX. For the service I received this time Thank You XXX.
First time visit for newborn son first time mom staff treated me right away and respected my wishes The pediatrician on call was amazing and very helpful
Follow up phone call from ER doctor at home to inform me of test results was much appreciated. ER staff very supportive, still having further investigations but never made to feel like I was wasting time, pain management support was prompt.
For the healthcare issue I was afflicted with, I feel the time I spent at the emergency department was reasonable, and I was satisfied with the timely care. Keep up the great work and improvements!
For the most part it was a good experience especially since it seemed to be busy that night. The suggestion I would have is to make clear what people have to do when they first arrive. The registration process wasn't clear and I noticed many confused when they first arrived. Perhaps some signage or sign in sheet or even a number system.
Fractured Radius XXXXXXXXXXX was treated quickly and respectfully, sold a splint and had an appointment booked with Dr. XXX by the time I arrived home . The entire visit was approximately 3 hrs. Being a XXXXXXXXXXXXX of 47 years, I truly appreciated the care I received and will definitely go back to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX should I need more care. Thank you all for all you do!
Friendly Professional Helpful Empathetic
From the onset with the ambulance paramedics, to the doctor and nurses at hospital, I was treated with care and expediency. They asked questions about my symptoms and were professional in answering any of my questions. Upon arriving at emerg, the nurse was very professional and efficient. I was then transferred to a bed where another nurse looked after me. Within 5 minutes a female doctor, I don't know her name, came in to proceed with medical procedures for my condition. She was very professional, efficient, and caring. They made me feel like I was the only patient there. Anything they did was explained and then I was asked if I understood. I would recommend that emerg dept to friends and family.
From the registration to discharge all staff were wonderful.
From the triage nurse through xray to the Dr's care. They gave me the attention I needed, provided the comfort I desired. And setup the call for the surgeon to followup. The only thing I would change . Is not cutting a chunk off of my finger on the table saw to begin with.
Front line staff could be a little friendlier I understand they have a stressful job, but the people they are dealing with are also very stressed out at the time they come to see them.
FYI patient is X years old parents answered the survey re experience. The night we went it was busy. The care was good with the busyness of the ER. Dr & nurses were good I thought my son had a broken/sprained rib thought an xray should have been completed but not going to argue with dr.
Gate would not open for me with coin. I suspect it was full. If not for a nurse letting me out with her pass I would have been stuck. Parking situation difficult to manage.
Generally the medical staff have a good attitude
Generally, I receive excellent care at the XXX. My last visit, however, was problematic. I am scheduled to have regular phlebotomist (one a month) and my last visit was a bit of a nightmare. I was jabbed five times with a needle to get the required amount of blood and was bruised and sore for two weeks.
Get doctors that want to listen and actually help people not losers that just want a pay check
Get more doctors & nurses to specialize
Given this is an emergency department the time frame was excellent!
Glad I got there before it opened. Could have been a lot longer wait.
God bless all your health care people
Going into the emergency department with mental health issues ... (depression/anxiety) they shouldn't place a person like that in a unmonitored room for 45 mins to wait for someone to talk to regardless of if they feel suicidal or not ... there is still possibility of suicidal thoughts or self harm. I wasn't too happy about how they handled my situation.
Good care, but again - there needs to be a separate section for infections, strep, bladder, etc, so that the ER is freed up for the more serious needs. I could have been in and out in 1/2 hr if this idea were used. Because these things always get worse after hours.
Good emergency department
Good experience
Good experience I just wish that I had better follow up care, I am unsure if the my doctor received my information or not but I feel as if no follow up care is being done. I was told I would need a scope and I have not heard anything more of that, no discussion on what I should do to maintain my levels after being given IV to replace everything.
Good staff - cool, calm and professional
Got there about 3:00 or 4:00 AM waited three or four hours. No one ws seen in that time. At 6:00 or 7:00 AM some doctors and nurses arrived. Patients were then seen. I went in with the second lot. When I arrived I was ninth in the waiting room. When I left there were twenty six plus four ambulance attendants in the waiting room. Another eleven waiting in the secondary room. A very long waiting time for them. My experience was good and the people all polite and competent.
Great job
Great job Thank you all.
Great people. Wait time too long.
Great staff I came in with an emergency and left alive and very grateful to still be alive. They are wonderful people who saved my life. Thank you.
Great treatment, treated with respect
Had back & hip pain going in Was given a bed right away After 30 minutes doctor came in No examination Just a note to go to physio. End of visit Total time with doctor 3 min
Had bloodwork done but was told doctor would follow up with me and luckily doc called and said all was normal. Though I wasn't too happy going home without knowing results at the time I'm ok though
Had crushed my thumb with a sledgehammer. Waited over 3 hours to be seen and sent for an x-ray. Drs put a huge cast on that bled through within 2 hours. Referred to emergency. Cast cut off, new one put on. Still bleeding the next morning. Went to surgeon's office instead of emergency. He cut the cast off again and rebandaged the thumb without a cast. A cast was not required because it was a vertical fracture. Surgeon could not understand why the drs. in emergency had put such a huge cast on that wound. Picture available upon request.
Had Dr. XXXXX, Dr. XXXXXX excellent doctors. The nurses need to have more respect for the patients its not about them its about the patient and the care they need while there in the emergency, I waited between 6-10 hours to only see a dr for 5 min, so have a little bit more understanding on the patient waiting for hours. Thank you.
Had heart related concerns with with possible panic attack. The intake nurse had me in a room getting and ecg within 10 minutes. The quick response and clear Ecg helped with the panic attack . Allowed my anxiety to de-escalate. Once they endured I was in a better frame of mind I was sent for blood test and xray for a baseline report. Was sent to the see and something g room after the bloodwork came back ,about 45 minutes. And was I for an xray about 10 minutes later. After the xray I was I the drs waiting room and talking to the dr. After another 10 minutes. He exited ed everything he seen came in clear aside from an elevated blood pressure. Made no guesses. Told me to take the evening easy . And check in with my family dr. For more testing. All in all it was a a positive visit. Fro the intake nurse helping with the anxiety my seeing me right away. The 2nd intake nurse knowing the situation and not letting me stress the little things. The speedy ECG and blood tests. I just wanted to say thanks again.
Had several wasp stings and was swelling and in severe pain. It took almost an hour to get triaged. Another patient in the waiting area requested that a nurse assist me. Luckily I do not have an allergy to wasps but if I did the situation could have been more serious. Unfortunately I didn't get an opportunity to state my issue to the doctor or nurse upon arrival. My only recommendation is that folks in the waiting room be triaged within 10-15 minutes. Otherwise the care is pretty good.
Had to return the next day for an ultra sound and again got good service, more meds, and IV as my condition had worsen.
Had to wait over 3 hours before I could get to go to the bathroom (bowel movement) finally got to go when I got home,was hooked up to machine and the girls kept busy with other people, but all they had to do was unhook me so I could get to the bathroom Thanks
Happy to see that the staff are more professional patient and polite This is a lot different from three years ago when I was in the hospital. Hope this continues and the wards are the same with staff treating people with kindness and patience.. but must say this hospital wait time and care has come a long way baby!
Have triage nurse actually listen to what the problem is and not diagnose based on a last visit. The information put in the report by nurse was not at all accurate with what was actually going on. Triage nurse was not friendly and did not seem to care. Everyone else was fantastic, including other triage nurses/other nurses after point of intake. Accuracy of report: when talking to my family doctor for follow up the information sent in report was not at all accurate to what the actual issue was. Stereotyping: do not stereotype/assume based on previous medical history or reason for visiting emergency room.
Having the see and treat section is a great improvement. Still 6hrs the first day, 4hrs the second day then 3 the third day was a bit much.
Having to wait so long before someone on staff even spoke to me was awful, also there was zero precaution made when transferring me from a room to the hall where another patient had been. Covid is serious and no one was wiping or cleaning anything. It left me feeling quite uneasy.
Hello, I would like to say thank you to all the staff They work in the emergency department.
Hire more people, so there is less waiting. I think the personnel do a great job, but it is clear they are pressed for time to treat as many people as possible.
Home town Hospital ... definitely improving.
Huge improvement
I actually sent an email after this visit regarding the good job the doctor did in stitching me up. My injury was right under my eye and I was afraid of the pain and scarring. The doctor did an excellent job and within three weeks there was barely any indication of injury.
I am a cancer patient with ongoing concerns with fever, weakness which cause concern sometimes when navigating after hours health care.
I am a XX year old senior & seniors worry about any discomfort that is foreign to their normal well being. We want to know that are health care system cares about us immediately when we feel abnormal
I am a XXXXX at the XXX, having to visit the ER in the middle of my shift. Calls were made to the ED prior to my arrival, so triage and care given was prompt. The care I received was quick and appropriate. However, the triage nurse was not the kindest nor sympathetic, & greatly reflected my responses in this survey today.
I am an employee of the XXXX
I am extremely grateful for the excellent care that I received at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Hospital. The only negative element of my ER visit was a careless and unprofessional comment made by a lab tech.
I am filling this out for my X year old daughter. We had a really good ER visit for an asthma crisis - and got really good care as well as a follow up for the rapid paediatric assessment clinic which was invaluable. We are SO appreciative for the care we received - we finally got answers regarding ongoing health issues and had excellent care from the rapid peds clinic - proper diagnosis and follow up referral to community paediatric clinic. This is a fabulous addition to the services provided. Thank you!
I am happy with this department. I always can rely on it if I can not get to my Doctor.
I am in a wheel chair and none of the bathroom's have a wheel chair accessible button in them and the door does not open automatically so when you go in your stuck which happened to me every time I had to use the washroom. It's not listed as a scent free environment so I ended up having an allergic reaction to someone's perfume while I was there. The hospital's reaction was amazing but this should be posted.
I am my wife's caregiver POA and am filling this questionnaire in for her. She had a major hemorrhage in the brain stem over eight years ago. We almost lost her. She was in the hospital for ten months after that the general consensus was that she should go to a nursing home I said "no I will take her home." We get help through XXXX. It has joined us closer together but more importantly it has joined us closer to our saviour Jesus. The diagnosis of this visit was that she had shingles tests were done of her brain to make sure there was no more damage. Thank you for all your care. Great job!!!
I am not exactly sure why I received this questionnaire. My last two visits to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were on XXXXXXXXXXX, and XXXXXXXX for Laser treatment by Dr. XXXXXXX. Before that in XXXX for xrays ordered by Dr. XXXXX and Dr. XXXXX. However all of these visits were not of an emergency nature. At all times I had no reason to complain about any of the interactions with staff at the XXXXXXX.
I am not trying to be negative but I was not impressed with the lack of privacy out on loungers in the hallway of ER Doctor should not be asking person health questions with multiple people/patients listening, staring, overhearing ones health story I work in healthcare & this was wrong & uncomfortable I asked for private room discussion I don't mind disclosing health info but I was uncomfortable Also, I had a scary relevant new health condition (faint, lightheaded) due to new disorder? After being up all night in fear & sitting in hallway until 300 PM in ER, did not agree or impressed that doctor said it was a "mental health issue" (anxiety related) & meet new counselor to talk who never came because after waiting too many traumas in ER pushed back so therefore, I left (signed form) and follow-up with my family doctor & specialist hematologist
I am parenting filling this out on behalf of my X year old daughter.
I am pleased with the care I received while visiting the hospital. And am happy to have been given an appointment to see a specialist the next day. Keep up the good work.
I am retired and have spent past 10 winters in XXXXXXX and have gone to emergency while there over emergency issues with diabetes. I must say the building was much better laid out and better decorated...and the service in the emergency was prompt and efficient...but there was much pressure to assign me to a room in the hospital for an extended period ...and perform further unnecessary unrelated testing for what appeared simple to be an opportunity to increase their revenue...I much prefer the emergency treatment offered in Canada...more efficient, more friendly, more effective, and much less costly to the patient.
I am saying thank you to Dr. XXXX who took care of me, he is a very good doctor + made me feel relaxed. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXX
I am speaking on behalf of my infant son. The questions regarding communities served have been filled out with myself in mind (his mother).
I am very appreciative for the excellent care I received during my stay in the Emergency Department at our XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I am very appreciative of the prompt and thorough care I received for a possible cardiac event.
I am very grateful for the nurses and Dr. XXXXX for the excellent care. They were all very caring and patient with my wife who is currently in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX as suggested by Dr. XXXXX and waiting further procedures. Thank you, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (XXXXXXXX)
I am very pleased with the help the nurses + dr gave me XXXXXXXXXXXX
I am writing this for my daughter, XXXX (X years old), who received care at the ER a few weeks ago. XXXX had appendicitis which was surgically managed within 36 hours of presenting to the ER. I cannot stress enough what good care we received overall at XXX. With one exception the entire staff was excellent: Caring, competent and kind. The only issue (echoed in my survey answers) was that we waited a really long time after being triaged. There was no bed available for us, so we sat in the main ER waiting room for almost 7 hours. XXXX was in terrible pain and vomiting profusely the whole time. I know this was not the fault of the ER staff - there just wasn't room in any part of the ER. This is, however, a huge problem. Despite the fact that she was an emergent case, we were not seen by a doc or given pain meds for a really long time! Further, there was some confusion about how to manage her waste (vomit) - the only grumpy nurse we encountered during our stay gruffly told me to dump it in the washroom and wash the basin myself - I have no issue with doing this from a parent perspective, but from an infection control perspective it seemed like an odd choice (particularly during covid!) - during our 7 hours in the wait room I did not see the washroom being cleaned, even though we repeatedly dumped basins of vomit in the toilet. Also - we were not, at any time, tested for covid, despite the fact that my daughter was febrile and vomiting. However, despite these gaps, I need to be clear how wonderful everyone else was, how hard they tried to make our visit comfortable and what good care we received - I am very grateful! A special shout out to the kind nurses in the see and treat, the equally kind nurses on the peds floor, and Dr. XXXXXX and his excellent surgical team (I'm really sorry - I tried to get everyone's names but it was a fairly stressful time!). One last small note: I wonder if it might be possible to have just one TV on at at time in the wait room and to turn that TV down a bit? Both TVs were blaring different shows (news and Sponge Bob respectively) and it just amped up our level of distress and agitation - particularly as we were there most of the night.
I am XX yrs old & 6 1/2 hrs wait time - way too long! Doctors took 10-15 min to diagnose & prescribe medicine People came in after me & were taken care of before me
I am XX. I was in great pain and scared. I live alone. I called an ambulance. I was severely reprimanded by the senior EMS gentleman because I could walk. I was also severely reprimanded by the triage nurse. She said I should have called a cab. So no, it was a very, very bad experience. I can't even imagine calling a cab that day. Shame on the triage nurse.
I am XXXX's Mom, she was the patient and I accompanied her to the ER, I was extremely disappointed as her Mom with the triage nurse, she was a very heavy set woman, she was quite rude. She made us feel like we were an inconvenience and a number. I have never seen my daughter so sick, she had a fever of over 102 that she had for 5 days, nothing I gave her would bring it down, she was very lethargic and had a terrible cough. Her chest was sore, I am sure to this day that she could've had the COVID 19 virus ... The nurse minimized her symptoms, I believe we were put at the bottom of the list. It took 7 hrs to see a doctor which is completely unrealistic when you have a very sick individual. The doctor was amazing, and apologized for our long wait, he diagnosed her with influenza, a virus, and some sort of bronchitis or something in her chest, and said it would get better within a week.
I am XXXXXXXX's mother and I filled out this survey on his behalf he is only X and a half years old so I was surprised to get a survey in my email for him but I decided to fill it out anyway because I must say this visit to the ER was the most pleasant visit I have ever experienced before. I was super surprised that we were out of there is like an hour and a half even with the xray. The changes that have been made there over the years are great and please keep up the good work.
I and my husband have been to XXX emergency over the years and come away very unsatisfied with the whole experience. I can honestly say that my experience this time was unbelievably and pleasantly surprising with the excellence all the way around from the initial contact until after my surgery which was done the same day. All nurses, the doctor. lab techs, x-ray dept. were excellent and well as anyone else who had a part in taking care of me. I have let everyone know what excellent care I received. Thanks to everyone.
I appreciate everyone in that department for what they do & have done. Thank you.
I appreciate having the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX accessible to me and my family.
I appreciated that XXX offered pediatric care within 48- hours at the hospital. That follow up care was also fairly prompt (just a long wait for blood work results with a X year old)
I appreciated the lady greeting us at the door, and the clear directions everyone gave as they directed us to the next station. We knew what to expect.
I arrived around 7:00 am in the morning, so not much traffic. I was seen quickly. After watching the 'waiting times' posted on the XXX website, I waited until the early morning to attend, so I would not have such a long wait!
I arrived at the emergency after I had a bad fall and smashed my head on the sidewalk. I lost consciousness for only a few seconds - my husband drove me to emergency - I told them I had a head injury with external bleeding & a huge goose egg. No one looked at my head - I was told to sit down where I waited for well over one hour before I was called in to take my blood pressure & look at my head - I was told to sit down again. I waited another 1 1/2 hrs when I was called to register. I waited another 1 1/2 hrs & was called to the see & treat area - then 1 1/2 hrs. to see the dr. who sent me to CT. In all - I spent 6 hrs. feeling very neglected. The dr. told me I had no broken bone & no bleeding & I was sent on my way with a huge bleeding goose egg on the side of my head.
I arrived at the Emergency Department before midnight but wasn't seen by a doctor until the XXXXXXXXXXXXX opened. Once that area had opened and I was able to see the doctor I received excellent care, but I had been concerned about intense abdominal pain to the right of my navel, and this was a long time to wait, considering that I have several chronic illnesses (including Crohn's and Lupus). In the end it was found that the entire right side of my large intestine was blocked with stool ... currently I am awaiting a colonoscopy and MRI to see if there is an obstruction.
I arrived at the emergency department in the middle of the night not being able to talk or breathe very well. I was a visitor to XXXXXXXXX and very sick. Everyone there was so nice to me and made me feel like a real person and took very good care of me. This is not my normal experience at emergency departments. I would like to thank Them for their care. I visit XXXXXXXXX often and am confident that I will be in good hands if I have another emergency.
I arrived in an ambulance and was sent to the waiting room. The wait time was 5 hrs, the emergency room was not full at all. A nurse at the counter to do triage was extremely rude to everyone who was asking questions. After 41/2 hours and still had not seen anyone and told only 1 doctor was how on duty I left
I arrived in pain when was increasing to the point I was writhing on the stretcher I know the dept was exceptionally busy, but staff (several) walked by with no communication My husband asked for help for medication, then I was told by physician I was low man on the totem pole? Good PR?
I attended at the Emergency Department with an incredible pain that I could not explain. The triage staff, the nurses and doctors were all very attentive, considerate and helpful. I was treated with respect at all times and cannot say how wonderful all of the staff were. There were a number of people in the room and as far as I could tell, everyone was being treated respectfully. Thank you for such a caring group of employees.
I attended the ER with an infection that was easily remedied and probably didn't need a doctor. It would've been nice to see a nurse practitioner who could've gotten me in and out quickly. I can appreciate that doctors are tied up with higher emergencies. Overall though, I was treated well by the staff.
I attended w/ an obviously torn bicep Triage nurse was busy visiting w/ someone's baby I waited over 15 min I was made to remove my health card + no (unreadable). I was told it would take 1 hr to get in I was told it would take 8 hours to see a dr. I left w/o any care.
I base the survey on surgery appendix (unreadable) XXXXXX
I believe I waited an excessive amount of time for relief from pain that I found excruciating at times. Several hours passed before I talked to a doctor and shortly after I was told I could go without being asked if I found the pain relieved after some meds were given. I tried to leave but found the pain to be worse and returned to the ER. I did not receive any food or drink in the entire span of my visit of approximately 10 hours. I am a senior and a diabetic and help was lacking and a disappointment.
I believe the reason that I was looked after so quickly is because I came to the hospital in an Ambulance. I was extremely well looked after. I would not want to go to the emergency if I was sick and had to wait in the regular Emergency waiting room. It takes an extremely long time to see a doctor. I would only go there if I was in dire need of help.
I believe the see & treat helps to lessen wait time
I brought XXXXXX to the ER for asthma symptoms hoping for a nebulizer treatment only to be told after hours of waiting they have been banned due to covid. XXXXXX is a singer and has a larger lung capacity so even though her osats are showing as normal, she was still struggling and I feel we were dismissed because of that. We have been instructed to let doctors know this yet I feel it was dismissed. I feel like this visit was a waste as I could have done what the doctor did/didn't do at home. All that was done was to give her a puffer which I had already done and was capable of doing at home. It's discouraging because next time we may not come for fear of wasting our time but that could be a bad idea since it's due to breathing. I would probably go to XXXXXXXX next time instead which I hate to say. She also was tested for covid even though it was clearly asthma and I had to miss work as a result and lose pay. This was an incredibly frustrating experience.
I came in advising I couldn't breath and not once after advising why I was there was I asked if I was breathing ok.
I came In around 9 pm on a XXXXXXXXX. The Waiting room was empty. I got through the triage nurse immediately and was asked to sit down. About an hour later I went through registration and then waited another two hours to be brought into the back. I was in the hallway. About another hour later a nurse came by and I think he did a great job of asking me what was wrong and how I was feeling. He got me some pain medication and left. I did not see a doctor until shift change around 6 am. She said she was ordering a CT scan for me but it would be a bit. I saw a few nurses throughout the day but it was several hours in between when they would check on me. 6 hours later, I asked the 3rd doctor I had seen wandering around what was the problem as others who had come in after me for CT scans had already left and come back and been discharged. He said they were busy. As this was a recurring condition (Crohns flare up/ fistula) I asked if this was how long I had to wait that he could just give me the antibiotics they always give me and stop wasting my time. He said he was sorry and that they were very busy. About a half hour later, I was told that my CT scan was planned for 45 minutes from then. An hour and a half later I got the scan and waited. The doctor told me to wait for the GI specialist. There were two of them. The younger one told me what they thought was up and was going to write me a prescription. The older one showed up later and was generally rude and dismissive of what I was telling him. He made me get another blood test before I could leave. At the end I had been there for 23.5 hours. I missed two days of work because of it. Suffice to say I was not impressed.
I came in drunk with a broken nose from a fall and the staff was very patient and understanding. I wasn't put on the back burner because of my intoxicated state. I do apologize for being loud and obnoxious.
I came in to emergency on the order of my doctor because of my symptoms. I registered with triage fairly quickly and was taken into the emergency area and told to sit in the hall with possible serious symptoms. I was afraid. No one in that area spoke to me for almost 3 hours and then it was a volunteer! There were 2 more patients in the hall. I could hear every word spoken between the doctor and patient - there is absolutely no privacy or confidentiality between doctor and patient in that area. I will never go there again.
I came in with a kidney stone of substantial size, was seen by a urologist ONCE. The first of 4 visits regarding the stone being stuck and causing me indescribable pain, but never once did I see another urologist or even have a follow up scan to see if it was stuck or anything.. just shot full of pain meds and sent home.. I have chronic stones and based on previous experience, this one should have had proper intervention but did not, resulting in excessive pain and anguish of having to pass it without proper medication.
I came in with chest pains. Which I still have today. They determined it's NOT my heart or lungs than discharged me. I still have the pain. I am glad it's not anything life threatening as they told me but they still didn't find the root of the problem. I have to wait until XXXXXXXXX to see a specialist. That will be a fun wait. They had no beds available and I was admitted so I spent 10 hours in the hallway at Emerg. I totally understand that rooms are being used for COVID isolation so I wasn't upset but it sure wasn't overly comfortable. I felt like I was just in the way and a burden on everyone in the hallways. Again though I understand. The Nurses were fantastic. Doctors were a little too rushed and directly to the point and seemed like they just wanted you to accept what they say and move on (I understand again that we are in a pandemic and this can definitely be understood ). Once more though I can't say enough positive things about the nurses. Well done.
I came into emerg with extreme shortness of breath, which given my age and state of health was a mystery. The doctor and nurses took great care to try to find the issue that has been causing this and even requested follow-up appointments for tests that could not be done that day. Not once did they make me feel like I was wrong to come in (my doctor was not able to see me for 3 weeks) and were kind and attentive. The atmosphere of the emergency room and XXX in general requires a major overhaul, but that's something you already know. The electronic board indicating average wait time is a good tool to have in the waiting room. thank you to Dr. XXXX for the amazing care.
I came into the ER in a state of mental health crisis, suffering from extremely intense side effects of a new depression medication I was trialing. I left without receiving *any advice or medical care whatsoever*. I was told that my regular psychiatrist had been sent a fax saying to see me as soon as possible. Let me emphasize that: the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX passed off responsibility for my survival *during an emergency* to someone who was not able to take that responsibility and can normally only see his patients every three months. *If I had been suicidal at the time, I would be dead right now.* He didn't even get that fax until the next morning, obviously, since it was sent at night. The only way I will ever entrust my life to the XXX again is if I'm bleeding out too quickly for an ambulance to take me to XXXXXXXX. As an aside, I answered the questions about doctors with all negatives because I'm fairly certain I didn't see a doctor at all. The last person I spoke to took down all of my information and then said she was going to consult with the psychiatrist who was currently on call - I figured that if she had been a doctor, she would have been able to just give me advice and/or treatment. This is not a criticism of her or nurses in general, I simply wasn't given the opportunity to speak to whoever was responsible for mental health in the ER that night.
I came to XXX with a ton of symptoms. They did blood work, said I was fine and sent me home. I wasn't fine. I told them I wasn't fine. They brushed me off. I ended up in the hospital a week later (XXXXXXXX) where I stayed for over a week. I am now being followed by a team of neurologists and have lost major functions of my legs and am in pain elsewhere all the time. I can no longer drive. I have lost my independence. Maybe if XXX didn't ignore me I would have been helped before getting worse and wouldn't be in this situation right now.
I can not say enough about the excellent care and support my family and I received in the XXXXXX!!!!
I can see the under funding, lack of beds and attending nurses being a main cause for the lengthy wait time. However, that is not individual staff's fault, and all the doctors and nurses do their job as well as they can. I especially enjoy the regular doctor in the ER who is attentive and caring. The only way I could distinguish him with a facemask on is that he is bald. Also, I received ER care at another hospital only days prior and they did not explain things as well or give me all the information. I assume they didn't think I was capable of understanding, but I got a 98% in medical terminology and can very much appreciate when the doctor can thoroughly explain.
I can't remember ever going to a emergency room , so I was nervous and knew I was not well. The staff was efficient and understanding during these stressful pandemic times. Great job! XXXX.
I can't say enough appreciation about the great care I had with the Emergency Department. I was looked at right away and give medication in a short time to calm my excruciating pain. The male nurse (I assume he was a nurse or intern) that helped me at the end of my visit was so kind, patient and caring and understanding. I can't say enough about him making me feel comfortable under the circumstances I was under. . I wish I had got his name. . If you know who he is give him a big thank you from myself and my husband who even commented on his kindness.
I completed this survey re my visit to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX However I was transferred to XX from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXX The care there and in spite of the fact that their walk in clinic was full to capacity - by every person - that I received was beyond exemplary. I cannot express my utmost respect + thanks to everyone there
I consider myself very lucky that the emergency department was empty and I didn't have to wait hours to be examined by a doctor as I was experiencing very heavy nose bleeding and getting nervous and upset because it wouldn't stop.
I did get a follow up call from the doctor to return for an xray in 4-6 weeks.
I did not rate the physician questions, as I saw a Physician's Assistant, and the questionnaire did not ask about this position. If I were to rate her abilities, XXXXXXXXXXXXXX presented herself a professional, compassionate and competent. She explained everything in terms that I could understand, and ensured that proper health services were arranged prior to me leaving the See and Treat area. I feel that the staff in the Triage area did not acknowledge my presence at the window in a timely fashion. Although they are busy, it takes but a moment to acknowledge that you are standing there waiting by simply saying 'Someone will be right with you'. This then alerts other staff in the area who might otherwise be available, that someone is waiting to be seen. The nursing staff in the See and Treat area were great. Very professional, compassionate and genuinely concerned for the patients well being. I do not understand what the question on sexual orientation has to do with my visit to the ER
I did not see a doctor after waiting 5 hours The (unreadable) was overwhelming so my daughter took me home. Our health care system is in crisis. This is not resolved by XXXXXXXXX making cuts! I hope he ends up in hospital on a gurney without care for many hours He should be denied health care for his obese body!
I did not see a doctor because I waited for over 3 hour and had to leave for a family emergency time before it was to many people and didn't get seen then either
I did not see a doctor. I was concerned about a bite that I had and wanted to make sure it wasn't a tick bite.
I did not see the doctor, only the physician's assistant. I got a misdiagnosis, but my follow-up was good. The follow-up doctor said my injury was much more severe than I thought (based on my emergency room visit), but his knowledge and care was more comprehensive.
I didn't actually see a doctor but rather an associate. I'm assuming that was an intern. Would have preferred to see an actual doctor.
I discharged myself before seeing doctor. I had food poisoning, nurse gave me nausea medicine and after an hour I was much better. So discharged myself to let them get on with treating sicker people
I do not understand why you move from the ED waiting room to the see and treat room. It does not expedite the process and actually makes the easier feel longer because you don't get seen quickly once you've moved. I just don't see the point in having to move to a second waiting room.
I DON'T HAVE A BAD WORD TO SAY ABOUT IT. THE DOCTOR & NURSES WERE WONDERFUL
I don't think anyone should have to stay in the ER before they are given a bed in this hospital.
I don't usually answer surveys.
I ended up so cold that my teeth were chattering no one came by that i could ask for a blanket. I will make sure i take a parka next time
I feel I received faster treatment on this visit due to the Coronavirus protocols in place. On previous visit last year it did take longer to receive treatment.
I feel that due to being extremely busy I received adequate care & follow up CT scan the following day to confirm the health issue.
I feel that I or anyone that called ahead to get the clear to come into hospital (as it's recommended to call to inform the staff ahead of time ) I went in for a COVID test. I just finally couldn't catch my breath and it was later in the evening around 9:00 pm upon calling hospital the nurse said to come right in, I kinda figured awesome I'm not disturbing too many people in case I'm contagious. No. I waited in a chair room for over 10 hours as the proper testing staff didn't even come on until 7:30 am as well as more Doctors other than the one Doctor that's on night staff in Emergency. If the testing staff isn't even available then why not just tell people that might call about a COVID test about what time to come in after the next day or whenever that staff will be on. Also the doctor went by the if you don't hear from us than you're fine mentally I find slacking. Thanks for the consideration, I do appreciate the support but the wait on my anxiety on top of the anxiety and stress thinking I had COVID, was a lot.
I feel that I was well taken care of as the emergency department was very busy on all of my four visits this year. One of the ambulance drivers (female) was quite unprofessional in pinching my nose and telling me that I didn't look my age but other than that, the care was as good as could be expected. Thank you very much.
I feel that the nurses need to respect the patients better I feel that the first nurses you see do not seem to care about the patients and act as though it is a waste of time to be there
I felt comfortable with the care, timeliness and safety during my time in the ER and observed that all other patients in the ER were getting the care they needed as well. XXXXXXXXXXX
I felt like I was insulted by the doctor and the nurse rudely told me to leave they need the bed. When I found out who the doctor was I confronted him - he apologize I accepted I complain to head of emergency got know reply about the nurse. Look out if I'm confronted by her again.
I felt like they were just trying to push me back out the door more concerned about my benefits covering costs if needed to be I was sick with flu concerned About the C19 going around hard breathing unable to eat and only drank ginger ale for 4 days felt like I was dying I was giving some anti inflammatory medication which helped a bit with the pain in my lungs
I felt that the doctor jumped to a conclusion. I was having serious pain down the left side of my neck and body. I believed it was likely from rowing on a rowing machine at home and was not concerned it was heart related. The doctor said I had 'wry neck' and gave me medications for pain and inflammation. I tried to convey that I have had many little strains, sprains and injuries before, but felt this was perhaps a tear in a muscle or rotator cuff. They did not run any tests (ultra sound perhaps?) and I still have significant pain, weakness and discomfort in that arm and shoulder. Respectfully, I do not believe that the diagnosis was correct or that other possibilities were considered.
I felt that the Doctor who cared for me that day went above and beyond
I felt that things moved along very well considering that there were so many difficult folks being taken care (drugs, I suspect, lots of cussing and rudeness to the nurses, disgraceful) of, that night and there were a couple of very urgent cases the dr. had to take care of after he had seen me. I was not in serious danger of perishing, right there and then, even though I had a serious bout of cellulitis starting...in fact, it is still not completely done yet. I felt that all the staff that I had contact with were amazing and kind.
I felt the E.R. was lacking enough staff for the work load they had
I felt the nurses who cared for me didn't take me seriously. They were also having individual conversations behind the desk that were extremely inappropriate. Example getting drunk at XXXXXXXXXX and finding a man to hook up with and how dirty some of the patients were. They spoke so the whole department could hear.
I felt the service was good Disappointed in the cleanliness Chairs seemed dirty
I felt very comfortable in the way they are handling patients in this time of COVID.
I found all XXX staff to be professional, personable and supportive in regards to my care.
I found it to be very organized.
I found that I received very good, professional, caring and speedy help during my visit. I was very impressed.
I found that the care given was very good considering the limitations at XXX.. Only having one doctor available during the overnight shift puts patient health at risk.. In a community of our size we need more coverage.
I found that the first nurse I saw was wonderful. Everybody was very nice and professional.
I found that the waiting rooms were so crowded that they could not have been following appropriate covid protocol I felt that the covid protocols could have been a little better.
I found the doctors and technologists in the 'See and Treat' department exceptionally professional, friendly and efficient.
I found the emergency health care excellent, my health problems are ongoing but are being addressed. I am amazed at the skill our professionals have.
I found the health care at the XXX to be excellent. We were amazed at the efficiency and dedication & sincerity with which we were treated. All the people were cooperative and supported us and all worked together as an amazing team. This goes for the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXX as well. Congratulations.
I found the service very good this time + wait time was greatly reduced. I was surprised to see the changes to E.R. + service. I saw a dr, XXXX, results + out in this Have visited (unreadable) in last four years this is greatly improved.
I found the staff to be very friendly and professional at the same time. They made time to talk to me even though they were busy.
I found this department to be very efficient. Never before have I been in and out of an emergency department in under 2 hours including treatment. The stall was friendly, professional and courteous.
I found waiting line out front Do not understand I put a fresh mask on and they make me change it. Trying change a mask and a person was crowding in 3 feet behind. Said something to the nurse and the nurse had to tell them to go outside. That was unnerving People take off mask to talk in a waiting room to talk I get very upset about that. Don't see people in the cancer ward doing that. Go to Tim's and tip mask to have coffee in the waiting room. Having respect for people. Hospital staff was great. General public I have problems with.
I gave a list to Ambulance attendants of my meds. They gave it to ER staff. That is why they did not need to ask about my meds.
I gave the best answers I could - I fell on my back on the cement parking lot and had an enormous lump on my head & a collar around my neck so I'm not too sure about everything.
I got wonderful care with my back pain. I have a chronic condition but injured my back. The doctor and nurses were wonderful and I was home with proper meds within a very efficient time frame. Kudos to everyone.
I had a blocked ear did not need any medication The doctor and the nurse were excellent and I left the hospital with no more pain or earache
I had a double By Pass surgery XXXXXXXXXX. I tested my blood pressure at home a few times the day of my visit and was concerned about the elevated level and hear rate.
I had a list of meds so it was not necessary for doctors or nurses to ask me about them. The ambulance personal were absolutely wonderful!!!
I had a pace maker procedure which caused extreme swelling in my L arm - to finger tips. A strange taste in my mouth + heaviness in my chest. Caused much anxiety in laboured breathing My daughter was with me The following day Dr XXXXXXXXXXXX changed my seizure medication
I had a severe allergic reaction triage took me right in they arranged a bed within a few minutes a doctor and two nurses arrived immediately and began treatment prescribed Epi Pen and said I should get allergy testing. My doctor is arranging for the testing.
I had a simple problem that needed treatment reasonably quickly. I had put fudex cream on actinic keratosis on my ankle. It formed a scab. After three weeks the scab came off when I stepped out of the shower. Blood stream out about 12 inches and covered the floor before I noticed it. I wrapped a tensor bandage around it. When my wife came home a few minutes later she took me directly to the emergency room to see what need to be done to stop it appropriately. After being seen immediately by the front desk emerg nurse I was sent a few minutes later to the New See and Treat Department. The nurse on duty cleaned me up and rebandaged me. Then shortly thereafter a physicians physician came and took a look. She said first thing to try was a chemical cauterization. She didn't think that did the trick so she put in a few stiches and that was it. I was in and out in 35 minutes. Very happy with my treatment. It's now a month later and the scab and stitches fell off a few days ago. It looks good as new. I am writing this because I think the See and Treat is a great idea and long overdue. Whoever instituted is due this pat on the back. Well done. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I had a snow board accident in XXXXXXXXXXX in the evening of XXXXXXXXX. I went to XXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, after x-rays they confirmed my arm was broken and placed it in a temporary plaster cast. They instructed me to go to my local hospital the next day for follow up with a fracture specialist and to have a more permanent cast put on my arm. The next day I went to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. The Doctor advised that my arm was not broken and removed the cast, I challenged that I was in pain and the Doctor in XXXXXXXXXXX was certain that the arm was broken. XXXXXXXXXXX Doctor told me he couldn't see the break and he would have the radiologist review when they arrived later that day. I received a call that evening confirming they could not see the break. My parents insisted I go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to have it checked that evening, the doctor was great and confirmed the arm was broken. I don't understand how 2 medical professionals could miss diagnose a broken arm and waste additional resources at another hospital. I completed this survey based on my experience with XXXXXXXXXXX. I would like to say thank you for everything your staff is doing at this time
I had a visit at XXXXXXXXXXX and emergency for the same heart palpitation issue five days prior. They were rude and not interested because I am XX so they figured that this must be self inflicted. Beyond a blood test to check for a heart attack they discharged me with no advice to follow up and led me to believe that this was my fault. I have since had numerous other issue and received a heart monitor from my GP. This hospital actually did their job and conducted the proper tests. Compared to XXXXXXXXXXX this is the best hospital on the planet.
I had an accident on my bicycle I collided with a motorcycle police on the trails, I really didn't feel like the doctor did anything she looked at me, thought that I was fine, no broken bones and said I could go home, I ended up with a concussion whiplash and injuries on my right leg. I have headaches every day.
I had an EKG and the results were not discussed with me ... I found out the results a month later by my family physician!
I had an eye infection that was not responding to over the counter drops and getting worse. I went to the emergency department because it was the weekend, and considered going to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX but wondered if they might have more equipment to look into the eye, which they did. I checked the website for wait times, and it was very short that day. I did not want to have to bother people in the emergency department, yet I was having discharge from the eye and it was sore/very red. I was able to get started on an Rx before going to work the following day, so I was very grateful to be seen.
I had awesome care. Bravo to the Tired Essential Staff. Thank you for a job well done. Excellent job by all.
I had called the ambulance because my husband had passed out - it was after he had had a hernia op. earlier in the day. I was upset to have call following morning at 3 am to go and bring him home. It was stormy and foggy - I am XX yr. old and not happy driving in dar. Sorry - my husband has dementia and couldn't answer these questions. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXX
I had chronic tooth pain. I stayed approximately 1 hour in waiting room before I contacted a friend who is a dentist - he was able to help me. There was no dentist available at the hospital so I left before seeing a doctor.
I had excellent care - it was just a long time in the cubicle.
I had fainted and at emergency they made thorough ex and xrays Thank you
I had gone during the pandemic and needed to go alone for safety reason, the first nurse that I saw sat with me and helped calmed me down as I was really overwhelmed. It made me feel very comfortable alongside that everyone had been very nice and understanding
I had great care from the nurses and physician on duty that particular day. She treated me with compassion and respect through a difficult time I was experiencing. The only negative was I had to come back to receive a needle that should of been given when I was initially there- some inconveniencing at the time due to the pain I was experiencing at that time but overall, good experience.
I had nothing bad to say about my experience that day
I had severe abdominal pain w/ previous tx of small bowel obstruction. Had several surgeries and was told I could develop adhesions - During this visit, I was vomiting but was given oral med of Zofran w/o could be given by IV was well if ordered - Thankfully after nothing by mouth for almost 12 hrs my stomach settled and was discharged. I felt very weak. I was lucky that there was no obstruction. The ER doctor send me home w/o any diagnostic test, He was in a "rush" my white count was 16 No compassion - does not need to spend so much time but I was concerned of WBC elevation but he said I could come back if needed The point is, I don't like to come back. I waited the whole night before calling 911 to go to hospital at about 6 AM but the abdo pain was severe + I was sweating + very pale I was scared, could be my heart Anyhow, I went to my specialist who follows - up on my GI prob - He was upset (unreadable) me for endoscopy - found I had a large hiatus hernia as well - The ER doctor, to me was negligent. I'm doing well now - am so scared to go the the ER @ XXXX Thank you
I had to go through the emergency department to get to the x-ray department.
I had to return to the Emergency depart to get results of test There was a 6 - 8 hr wait I waited for 2 1/2 hrs then I returned and asked them to forward the result to my family doctor in XXXXXXXXX
I had to return to the emergency dept 3 days later as I had been given incorrect info regarding my air cast I was advised that some of the ER nurses are transient nad this has been a common problem
I had to sit in hospital gown in hallway for an hour - uncomfortable - also curtain wasn't closed properly when I changed to gown - these are dignity issues I would like to see addressed Thank you
I had two major surgeries at your hospital with absolutely wonderful care. The paramedics who attended to me in XXXXXXXX were excellent. The only thing that is rather disheartening is the long wait in the emergency department and seeing so much of hallway medicine.
I had very good care. Every one was very caring and concerned.
I have a great deal of respect for the staff at XXX I have always been well looked after and speak very high of them With what they deal with at times they need a medal They should carry a rubber chicken to hit some of the people that come in over their head Thanks
I have always been very happy with care I have received in the Emergency Dept.
I have always loved the care myself and my family has always received at XXX. The staff are phenomenal and never once have any of our family members felt they weren't treated properly Thank you for that
I have always received excellent care from doctors and nurses, at both the emergency department as well as at urgent care.
I have always received great care from this ER. The staff are knowledgeable and helpful, and understanding. I have never been talked down to - although my problem is quite common, but not always preventable for me - which is why I sometimes have to go there, when no-one else is available right away. I particularly like that nurse practitioners are a part of the team now, as that helps with problems like mine, leaving doctors for more serious stuff. Thank you!
I have been here several times and as of lately no tests are being done as my symptoms of an on going condition gets worse. I am constantly told it's a mental health problem, and usually mental health problems get better with a psychiatrist and medication which I have been doing and mentally I feel good but physically I don't, and I explain that and they constantly tell me its mental health which makes no sense!! If symptoms change doctors need to test and stop assuming!!
I have found that the vast majority of staff are fantastic people who work in a very stressful job more people should realize that when people complain to me about them I always reply watch them! You don't see them sitting on their butt they work damn hard
I have had a heart attack. As some of my symptoms were the same as 9 years ago I was surprised that my heart was not being monitored sooner. I contacted my doctor and more tests are scheduled. The doctors were supportive.
I have had unpleasant experiences in this emergency department in the past i was pleasantly surprised to see that the wait was shorter and access to professional care was sooner then precious experiences. I was given testing, blood, urine, MRI all at this visit in a relatively short period of time. All care givers were kind and professional. Thank you.
I HAVE HEALTH ISSUES THAT I NEED TO FELLOW UP WITH FAMILY DOCTOR AND SPECIALIST ALL THE TIME , MY FAMILY DOCTOR IS LEAVING HER PRACTICE XXXXXXXXXXXXX , I NEED A FAMILY DOCTOR !!! URGENT CARE DOCTORS ARE GREAT FOR THE MOMENT YOU NEED THEM , BUT I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE A DOCTOR WHO IS WELLING TO LEARN MY HEALTH ISSUES ON A ONE TO ONE BASIS . THANK YOU ! CAN YOU HELP ??
I have never been treated poorly, on any visit. The wait times seem to be shorter during the pandemic. Everyone is doing their job and usually friendly. Being in health care myself, I relate to the fact that some may be having an off day.
I have never had a good experience at XXX in the ER. Only good experiences were on the B5 and B7 floors.
I have no any issue with emergency always get a good care from them. Whenever I go there too much helpful we have to understand the mean of emergency before any complaints but I have not any complaints
I have no comment
I have no comment.
I have no complaints for the care I received for my problem. I couldn't go to my clinic as my problem occurred in the late evening. We need good emergency depts! (like this one)
I have no problems with this visit. I came in with chest pains and they saw me right away. But this hospital is problematic. We need a new hospital and the level of care otherwise is not great. Doctors do not really know what they are doing. They did for chest pain - but for other stuff, they are just not as good. And there are too many patients in the hallways. But thank you for asking me my opinion. I appreciate it.
I have not been to the Emergence Dept. in many, many years. I wasn't sure what to expect. I felt that the care was very good. Dr. XXXXXX was very kind and very reassuring .
I have nothing but praise and respect for the entire emergency room staff and for the technicians I had contact with during my visit on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and on the two previous visits.
I have nothing but praise fir the help I got that night. I have since gone to my Dr. XXX is changing my medication and setting me up with further tests at your hospital. Thanks!
I have noticed the wait times have shortened a little
I have to attend emergency due to scar tissue problem which give me a trouble to breathe etc.
I have to visit during covid and they were wonderful!
I have used the ER for myself and family maybe 6-8 times in my life. Every visit has been a positive experience.
I have zero complaints with my visit. I'm a considerate and logical person that understands things take time and that doctors and nurses have other things to do and people to see so I don't get upset over having to wait. I probably would've waited longer if I went in with different symptoms but as long as I didn't feel like I was going to die I would've been ok to wait (bored but ok) They made sure I was comfortable and ran the tests that they needed to. As the doctor put it, they checked for anything that could kill me with my symptoms and since they came back clear they sent me home. I understand that this is the role of the emergency department and I expect nothing more. My family doctor called for a follow up so that we can figure out what exactly caused the ER visit in the first place. My story is one where the medical system worked the way it should.
I JUST SUBMITTED A LETTER TO THE EDITOR OF OUR LOCAL PAPER PRAISING ALL THE HOSPITAL STAFF. MY WIFE AND DAUGHTER ARE BOTH REG. NURSES SO I KNOW HOW SHORT STAFFED AND OVERWORKED THEY CAN BE ON MOST SHIFTS. I AM MOST GRATEFUL FOR THE CARE I RECEIVED. XXXXXXXXXXX
I just want to mention that the care at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is exceptional. Dr. XXXXXX is a great physician and he really seems to care about each patient.
I know about the cutbacks the healthcare fields, I know about staff shortages and pressure involved in the cutbacks ... knowing this, I was more than thankful for the excellent care I received the day I visited the ER. Thank you.
I know that the emergency department is such a busy place, on this visit I was very lucky to have such a wonderful doctor that took his time and listen, not like some of the other older doctors in there that just want to get you out the door as fast as you came in there.
I know the ER is busy but staff should wear a smile on their face all the time. Just saying
I know the girls are doing their best with this covid. I probably didn't get the proper care that I should have got from the nurses as far of pain medication and stuff like that. I blame it on the system not the girls.
I know they were busy but I was at the XXX from 8 pm until 6:30 am XXXXXX into XXXXXXXX morning and then back for more tests at 9:00 am until 5:30 pm that same XXXXXXXX. Nothing to eat and I was not asked once if I needed water or food.
I left emergency dept after seeing waiting time on wall clock. Got to see family dr. sooner. No problem thank you. XXXXXXXXXX
I left the emergency after 2 hrs. It was over 6 hour wait. Since I was in much discomfort & pain and couldn't sit, so I went home to lay down and took Advil & waited a few days to visit doctor & chiropractor It was a bad experience
I left the hospital after the dr told me she did not know what my problem was + I would not have gone if I did not have a problem XXXXXXXXXXXX
I like that there is this type of followup to my visit
I like the new express section.
I like the new format with 'lesser' emergencies being taken care of in an alternate clinic space, but after speaking to three nurses (triage, student and clinic) it still took time to see a doctor. The doctor prescribed medicine but also massage therapy and I was surprised by the massage prescription and uncertain about its effectiveness... which no one truly explained, regarding its effectiveness. It did wonders and was the correct prescription, however. XXX
I live in XXXXXXXXXX and was visiting my daughter. When I fell and injured myself your hospital was very clean and your nurses and doctor's are very helpful I hate not experienced this at a XXXXXXXXXX Hospital was very impressed with your hospital.
I needed 3 stitches to close a cut on my hand in an area that would be difficult to heal without stitches. I tried to get care at a walk-in clinic before visiting the ER, but was told they (attending Doctor) couldn't do it??? I debated about going to the ER as the wait for low priority cases like mine are always long and the ER should be for more urgent care. It would be great if more non urgent care could be done at walk-in clinics or by nurse practitioners within a hospital Clinic.
I never received a follow up call regarding my results from my test. Although my symptoms are gone now and I was given medication, I still would have liked to know the results.
I never was seen by a dr in the over 6 hours I was there
I noticed a lack of security - as I saw a mother and her 2 kids steal bandages and other supplies right in front of me as I waited in my waiting cubicle.
I noticed a lot of improvement in the health care system at the XXX. Hopefully it stays this way.
I noticed that the service has gotten considerably better in the last 6 months. Staff seems kinder, more patient. Things get done in a more timely manner.
I only had a deep cut on my finger and thought I would be there for a long time waiting but they were quick and expeditious even though it was late and they were closing within a few hours. Everyone was very helpful and let my husband accompany me. I was given a tetanus shot as I haven't had one in some time and they made me wait to ensure I had no adverse reactions. Everyone from beginning to end was pleasant and courteous.
I openly wept for over 4 hours I was in so much pain - tears streaming down my face, a doctor and nurses went about their business not even acknowledging me. Ultimately, I had an infection that was treated with a series of shots only to find out days later at a XXXXXXXX hospital that I should have been admitted because I had a very serious infection. I have now lost some functionality in my dominant hand and many weeks later I am still in constant pain and cannot fully flex or extend my fingers.
I passed out while having x-rays. I told the 2 young girls that I wasn't feeling well. I smashed my head/face. They did not report it or tell anyone. I told my husband and he went back to talk to them and he advised my doctor & nurses, who then confirmed. Very upsetting.
I presented at the emergency department experiencing stroke like symptoms...I sat waiting in the waiting room for 30 minutes before I even got triaged...then back out into the waiting room for another 40 minutes waiting. Once I got in the nurse that did my EKG was super and when I was moved out of my room to the hallway it was a lengthy time before anyone even acknowledged me...when they did the nurse asked me where I came from...they couldn't find my chart...in the 6 or so hours that I was there I saw a nurse twice and the doctor who was super twice...NOT a stellar visit...I understand they are busy but prioritization I thought always was done...
I presented to triage with my finger packed by my vet, the triage nurse handed it back to me and said hold on to it. It was viable when I got to the ER after waiting for hours with the finger in my purse it was no longer viable to be reattached.
I really appreciated the ER dr who looked after me call my cell phone a week afterwards to see how I was doing. It was comforting to know I wasn't just another person who didn't matter.
I really do think everyone tries their best to help people in a timely manner. I do think there needs to be more transparencies between the nurses/doctors and patients. If it wasn't for the woman taking my blood telling me the one test will take at least 45 mins to come back, I would've been so irritated waiting as long as I did. Why didn't the nurse who told me she was ordering these tests inform me of that at that time? Small potatoes in the grand scheme of things I know but, it did help knowing.
I really felt for the doctors and nurses on duty. They were working above and beyond. They were so busy and run off their feet. They are an amazing group of people who were doing their best in very difficult circumstances.
I received excellent care and follow up with a specialist with a complicated issue that could have been many things. The emergency department was highly functional and professional courteous and efficient at all times.
I received excellent care for the time I was in Emergency on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Was sent on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for Ultra Sound waited over three hours in Emergency for Dr. report but had to leave. I signed out and ask report be sent to my Dr, I still do not know results.
I received excellent care from the fracture clinic. My only concern was the wait time due to COVID as it was very crowded. Also having to stand outside in the cold when your level of mobility is low whether it is temporary or not should be taken into consideration.
I received excellent care, however, I feel sorry for every nurse working there as they are run off their feet! They do not have enough help either from RPNs or more volunteers. Is it not possible to have volunteers just to escort mobile patients to and from washrooms down the hallway? Also one Alzheimer patient took up the nurses time for several hours as she kept trying to get out of bed and leave! Very frustrating for patients who also needed a nurse. Could they not get more volunteers or call in extra PSWs to sit with an Alzheimer patient. This would take a load off the nurses. Not sure if they have PSWs in emerg. Just a suggestion. I am not complaining about the care I received. All the staff were wonderful
I received excellent care.
I received exceptional care and information from my main nurse (I did ask his name, but unfortunately have forgotten it). he was everywhere, helping everyone, but still managed to answer all my questions with kindness, humour, and expertise. He is the main reason for my favourable review (but it was painfully obvious that we/you need a bigger hospital and more staff). I was one of the lucky ones this time.
I received good medical attention however waited several hours to be seen by a doctor Emergency ward appeared to be very understaffed.
I recently moved my GP is in XXXXXX I can't find one here. I was very very sick when I went to emerg the doctors + nurses treated all the patients with the utmost respect. I could hear what was going on around me + they had difficult situations which they dealt with in the most kind way. My only recommendation is my case is I needed FU + I should not have been released alone. It was treated using migraine protocol + released but I am positive I had viral meningitis + am still experiencing symptoms. Overall, my experience was positive and the care that I, and everyone else in my treatment area, received was excellent. The nurses were tops + the doctors caring for me was very good. The hospital, itself, looked run down + tired and in need of funding for updates.
I recognize that everyone at the hospital is overworked however I was 3 times pointed in the direction of a test location and asked to walk through the hospital (in an inadequate gown and IV pole ) On my own even though I felt quite il. I was left in a room with door closed for more than 2 hours without so much as any staff popping their head in to at least make sure I was alive despite the fact the the nurses station was directly on the other side of the closed door. I listened to the staff discuss their co-workers,ideas for a Halloween party and they work schedules but they didn't have time to turn around, open the door, and just at the very least let me know they hadn't forgotten I was there. I suspect I wasn't the only patient that received that same treatment. One of the tests I had involved ingesting a large amount of dye in a short time span. I had a pretty bad reaction to it and wasn't given any assistance to clean up, or even asked about it after the testing was done. And again when I was discharged I was in a lot of pain and feeling weak from dehydration (no access to water and having been sick/diarrhea while there) I was sent to find the exit and wait for my ride outside on my own. I completely respect and appreciate frontline workers for the job they are doing but do feel that perhaps the pandemic is being used as a bit of an excuse for poor care.
I required migraine treatment while at the hospital already with a child that had been admitted. I received excellent care because the attending physician to my child instructed the emergency dept to implement migraine protocol and they followed this physicians instructions. I know I would never had gotten this level of care if I had come in on my own with a migraine. Been there bf and know that then I would have been treated like a pain med junkie looking for free pain meds notwithstanding that I have very few emergency visits on my lifetime record! It's sad the way ppl who really need help are treated at emerg in general. Migraine sufferers are on the bottom of the totem pole.
I returned to ER two days later because I got even worse and seen the people at the triage but had to wait 5 hours to get treated. Horrible
I sat in the chair after getting checked in and then had the worst wait of my life at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. For the hour and a half that I waited without being seen, I witnessed an elderly gentleman projectile vomit all over himself a table and the floor and no one ever came to clean it up. A towel was laid over the vomit the entire time I was waiting (over an hour). Then the waiting room overfilled with people coming to be seen, the gentleman who sat beside me stunk so bad I had to turn my head to breathe. Then a drugged up moron came into the emergency department and started to threaten people with a fire extinguisher which he grabbed from the sign in counter area. Of course you now have security and police involved and telling sick people to get up and move back. I seriously don't know why someone just didn't taser him and put everyone in the waiting room out of his fantasies from whatever drugs he was on. So after an hour and a half putting up with the stench of vomit, the smelly man beside me and the nutty drug addict I phoned my husband to come get me because I could not stand to be in that crazy environment one minute longer. And as for the reason I did go to the emergency department, I have a foreign object in my lower eyelid that I have to wait until XXXXXXXX to see an eye specialist at the old XXXXXXXXXX's hospital and I have to use an antibiotic eye cream everyday on my lower lid and hot compress it 2 times a day hoping it will come out on it's own. My children growing up had to be brought to that department over the years and you could see that the decline in service was coming, I just never thought that it would get that ridiculous. We have only ever gone when medical treatment needed to be sought. We have told all family and friends to not go there but to look elsewhere for treatment if they need it. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has gone down hill and I don't think it will ever return to the way it used to be, unfortunate for the truly sick or hurt people who need it.
I should not have been sent home and was back an hour after I left and was admitted because they couldn't get a post op bleed under control.
I spent 8 hours in the waiting room after triage, and never saw the doctor. I ended up leaving with no answers to why I was being dizzy or passing out.
I sprained my ankle badly and sought treatment on XXXXXXXXX. It was only in a follow-up visit to the family doctor's office, and when I raised the query with a nurse practitioner who saw me, that I was encouraged to go to a physiotherapist for treatments. Fortunately I have gone and the ultrasound and massage treatments have helped a lot. The young male emergency doctor quickly stated that the x-rays indicated no fracture and to just start walking and that I did not need any sort of brace or further treatments. I had to make another visit to the XXXXXXX on XXXXXXXX, as I had an ear infection and felt as if I had a UTI. The doctor was very professional, but I was first kept waiting a long time in the waiting room. The young man checking me in made an error and crossed off my name and went on to three more patients who were taken in before me. When the error was discovered I received no apology from either him or the admitting nurse who I inquired with as to why I was left unattended.. Thank you for the opportunity to give this input and hope that it helps improve services.
I strongly feel the care + treatment I received at the time of my visit was very friendly professional and speedy I have head going to emerge because of stories I heard from others but I feel I made the right choice and want to say thank you to all the staff there that day.
I think it will be wonderful when you can have an new emergency dept. The present one seems crowded and you can hear everything that is being said to other patients. It must be difficult for the staff to work. However I was happy with the care I received.
I think nurses/doctors do the best they can with hallways jammed with people on stretchers.
I think people going in for non emerg this is the problem - eg cold, flu. They need to go to a walk in not emerg.
I think personal doctor or walk in clinic should handle minor wounds to save trip to emergency. My emergency service was excellent (3 1/2 hours). Prev. experience at other hospital was much longer (7h).
I think some of the questions in that questionnaire are more for patients who are staying at the hospital.
I think that my visit was handled well. I was processed at reception and given a bed in a hallway. Seen by a nurse within a half hour. I was given a blanket upon request. A hallway ultrasound was done of my bladder twice, vitals taken and then waited for 5 hours to be seen by a doctor. At that point, further testing was ordered and a blood work taken for what I was told a full CBC. Once those results came back which was 2 and half hours later, I was provided an IV fluids and IV antibiotics. I stayed in the hospital an additional 3 hours or so for until I was able to void without significant blood in urine. I was given an antibiotic to leave and a script to fill that evening. I was feeling better, but somewhat concerned for the 45 minute drive home. I made it fine and was better within a few days. One negative thing that happened, is in the rush to get to emergency, I had forgotten my cell phone and asked to use one but was denied initially and redirected to get out of the bed in the hallway and go to the waiting room to use the public phone by one nurse in the nursing station. I was bleeding quite a bit and did not feel that to be safe, the answer was still no. In the end, my primary nurse provided me use of the cell phone to call my family to let them know where I was as it was not a planned visit to emergency. The nurse also apologized for the length of my wait to see a doctor. Awareness and good, frequent communication with patients is part of good care even when you are in the emergency department. I give you an overall score of 8. Thank you and keep up the great work.
I think the emergency department at the XXXXXXX is exceptional. However, as the family member of a patient on the second floor, I can't believe it is the same facility.
I think the staff at the hospital was doing a very good job considering they seemed to be short staffed and short of doctors. Over the thirty plus years that i have lived in this area and used this hospital, I have always found this to be the case. From an outsiders point of view this hospital needs more funding and probably better upper management.
I think they do a fantastic job
I think we all understand that long wait times are to be expected at a Hospital ER facility. What might help to alleviate patient's frustration is just a little bit more communication on the nurse's part. The admin people, specialists, and doctors are quite good at explaining what to expect and next steps. The nurses seem much less willing to share simple information. As an example; it's an easy thing for a nurse to tell a patient - 'please sit here and a doctor will be with you when he is free' - or - 'when you are finished in radiology, please return to this waiting room and someone will be with you after the doctor has viewed your xrays'. These kinds of simple things to inform the patient on what to expect next from their care at the hospital. Visiting the hospital is tough for most people, knowing what to expect makes the experience a little easier.
I think we are very lucky to have such an efficient health care system, I was admitted in severe stomach pain and I was rushed right thru, I didn't even have to sit in the waiting room. I was very pleased with my care, Thank you very much.
I thought I was having a heart attack, was registered and sat for 2 hours and still heard nothing from the staff. I thought if it was a heart attack, they were going to let me die or it was not a heart attack. I sat for over 4 hours before they called me to See and Treat, I knew for sure it was not a heart attack. I then sat in a room by myself for almost an hour or more, I finally went out into the hall, ask what I was waiting for. That is the first I had any idea what I was waiting for and all I was told the doctor would be in, she was doing a procedure. The PA came in half an hour of so later, he was very nice and that is when I heard my arm and back pain was probably a reaction to the COVID shot I received a few days earlier. The doctor came in a little later, ask the same question as the PA, she went out again. When she came back, she told me 'congratulations'. I asked what for and she told me the COVID shot was working, my body was doing it's job. I guess I was happy, it took 6 hours to find that out. I went in at 5:00 p.m. and left at 11:00 p.m. I do think some staff could have come out and told me something, they must have known I wasn't having a heart attack. I XXXXXXXXX in the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and we at least try to tell the patients what they are waiting for. I understand this department is busy but I have spent, over the last 20 years, at least once a year and many years more, than once a year in Emerg with my husband and I would see staff enjoying their table full of snacks, talking and laughing and doing nothing but enjoying themselves. I do believe they could at least give people some idea why they are there and what is happening to them. That is a long time to sit and wonder just what is going on and then see staff having a party. Give me a call if you want. XXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX Thank you!!
I told the doctor that I felt I was not being taken seriously. I had been passing toilet bowlfuls of blood for 5 days and they gave me tylenol and sent me home. How can a doctor send someone home with that level of pain and passing that much blood with absolutely no resolution.
I truly have no negative feelings towards the doctors at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I feel that they all do an amazing job. I feel the lack there of as in Neurologists, Thrombosis(I do know we have one on weekends), Heart Specialists, many of the doctors can only do what they have the ability to do. I on the under hand go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for my Dystonia (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has no idea of what that is)- Thrombosis - XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX after our local doctor left. My biggest and outmost concern is the personality of some of the nurses and the way you are treated while staying there. It only takes one bad egg in the carton to ruin it for the ones that do such an amazing job. All and all especially recently and the care my dad was given was amazing. We are blessed to have the hospital but our community is growing and we need a bigger hospital for sure. Thank goodness we do have the XXXXXXX especially for my dad at this time in his life.
I understand that the ER is for emergencies and because I was getting follow up with a CT scan based on something found on a previous visit it takes longer. I wish there was a way this could have been transferred, but I don't have a family doctor. I understand that the ER is the most expensive form of health care and would prefer to have gone to a GP.
I understand that there is a wait if others need you. We were 2nd in waiting room. There were 4 patients, no one came, 2 left. There was no doctor for 2 hrs I had been away + had a blister turning huge + red I was concerned about it
I understand that this city has an opioid crisis and that a few have ruined it for many. To have a policy devoid of bed side manner, feeling, empathy and understanding because it's an easy fix to not allow any opioid prescriptions to be filled is simply ludicrous. I am a XX year old man with an obvious injured gait. Here's what I explained to the physician. I had a family doctor for 35 years. He retired over a year ago. I have been on a waiting list for 13 months for another family doctor. I was injured at work in XXXX, which involved permanent injury to my spine. I had my entire XXXX file with me along with my entire medical file from my old family doctor. I had my on line doctor appointment email in which I explained that he filled out all of my prescriptions except the Tramadol/tramacet which he could not because it is under the controlled substance act and I need to physically be seen by a physician. Since none of the doctors at the 3 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXs would fill the prescription and they advised me that the emergency doctors at the hospital were the only physician that could do that, imagine my surprise after waiting to be seen for 6 and a half hours with a mask because of COVID 19, when the physician also said she would not. I wasn't even getting a full prescription filled. I was just trying to get enough to get me by until my new appointment with my pain specialist at XXXXXXXXXXXX (XXXX) at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. My appointment was on XXXXXXXXX and could have shown it on my email but the physician was not even interested in looking at it. She said they have a policy to never give a prescription for any controlled substance. I asked if a colleague might look at my case in a different light as I had all my things in order and couldn't understand even with a few pills in the prescription bottles from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX with my name and the doctor from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on it, that she could see I wasn't some punk kid looking for drugs. Right away, she got all defensive and said , her colleague will follow the same rules as her and will not fill it. I even asked what my options were since I have no family doctor, no clinical physician and now no physician even at the hospital to fill it. She wrote me a prescription for asa or something and I did not fill it. I actually still have it. The point being , any physician being well educated can pretty much tell who is trying to kite the system and who is genuinely legitimate. Having a catch all rule shows no empathy or desire in any way to look after a patient. Just an easy out for the doctor and on to the next guy. I honestly had to go to my XXX Mr. XXXXX who got someone at XXXXXXXXXXXXXX who directed me to have my pharmacist fill out a temporary prescription to get me enough pills until my XXXXXXXXX appointment with my pain physician at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. The emergency physician could not do what my pharmacist can?? Really?? The system is very broken because addicted people have broken it. They no longer treat you as an individual just as a number. We have let the minority rule over the majority of good people trying to manage their chronic pain. Sad really!!!
I understand the doctor was with someone all night, but maybe letting us know would help us choose to go elsewhere (XXXXXXXXX) (this visit was for a child)
I understand the treatment goes in need of how severe someone's health problem is, but there should be more nurses & doctors available to help with the amount of people that go to the emergency department, XXXXXXXXX has grown a lot in the last few years which results in a lot more help is needed to serve a rapidly growing city with population almost 100,000 people. We cannot afford more cut backs. XXXXXXXXX is in need of two hospitals. It was a very huge mistake when they closed XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX emergency department and then the hospital. Everyone including yourself all know XXXXXXXX should of remain open for the needs of a city the size of XXXXXXXXX. XXXXXXXXX and surrounding areas are all growing rapidly now a days, all these new homes are being built and not enough health care is being provided at the hospital's due to government cutbacks. "The is a huge need for the XXX to stay open" if and when the other hospital is built out near XXXXXXXXXXX in the north. There has been much talk about one being built there and then closing XXX. That would be another "huge" mistake should that happen. I truly hope our city is strong enough to fight the government and keep XXX open should a new hospital ever happen. Look to the future in 25-30 years from now and understand how much XXXXXXXXX and surrounding areas will grown. We need two fully operating hospitals two emergency.
I understood that the hospital would have all PPE that was needed. When I went in there was no one giving me a mask before going into the Emergency Department I was upset. I am a senior with health issues and had to worry about being exposed to possible infection. I have been staying home for months and really did not want to be at the hospital. I stood waiting for some one to assist me for about 15 minutes while three nurse stood together just talking and looking up at me,but not coming out. A nurse finally opened the door and asked if I needed something. I told her yes and she went back into the room and then came out with a mask and told me I had to wait. When someone goes to the hospital they are stressed enough and should not have to worry about being exposed to the virus. The hospital should not have stopped giving mask at the entrance just to save a bit of money. My life and others are worth more.
I unexpectedly fell onto our hardwood floor. I have Severe Scoliosis, (Please teach your dr's about Scoliosis, after almost 60 years there is still Zero knowledge in your hospital system, Scoliosis is a severe & disabling disease). My head bounced like a bowling ball off the floor. I ended up covered in small tables and my water glasses had soaked me in water. Luckily I had my cell phone. I contacted my husband - he came home and being unable to lift me from severe pain in my right hip he called the ambulance. The were efficient & kind and got me immediately to the ER. I was asked questions then left in a hallway. The dr. spoke to me, sent me for an x-ray on my hip and NO ONE checked my head. I was in an adult diaper. On the way to x-ray I over-soaked the diaper. When returned to the hall I asked numerous times for it to be changed. My clothing was covered in urine. This mess was never cleaned up - when they released me I was put into a wheelchair and placed alone outside, sitting there until my husband came. I had to have him put a garbage bag on the seat. I sat outside alone in 90 degree weather with urine running down my legs. No one assisted my husband to put me in our pick-up truck. After that fall I was sent home with only 90 pain tablets for intense pain in my head. - Remember no one ever checked my head. My left side was not working. I could not stand or use my left hand. I had to be carried to the bathroom at home by my husband who was given NO training in how to move me. Because of this POOR care I received my diagnosis that came on my 2nd visit to the ER that has been entirely missed & ignored. XXXXXXXXXXX I went again by ambulance and it was thought I had a stroke. Nope - XXXXXXXXXXX I was diagnosed with Stage 4 Brain Mets. Had anyone x-rayed my head, they would have known this on XXXXXXXXX. The care in your ER on my 1st visit was rushed, careless and totally disgusting. No human being should ever be placed dripping in urine in a parking alone on a hot day after a severe fall and every patient should be subject to a thorough examination of all parts of the body affected. The visit was rushed, the staff did not do their jobs. I hope to never return to the BGH Emergency ever again. I pray you stop chopping dollars and begin actually treating patients. My cancer was totally missed for 2 months due to this visit on XXXXXXXXX. Shame on the Brantford General Hospital.
I used to live in XXXXXXXX! The old hospital in XXXXXXXX was awful Got treated like crap. Moved to XXXXXXXXX People at this hospital treat me with respect. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is A+ compared to other hospitals in XXXXXXX.
I visited the XXXXXX because my employer questions why I was sick and I couldn't get into my doctors office. My doctors office suggested going to the XXXXXX.
I visited the XXXXXXX first where nurses were excellent but dr was dismissive & condescending until nurses expressed concern. The dr decided to call XXX for consultation I was immediately referred to XXX & neurology. I am now booked for a neuro appt!
I waited 8+ hours in the waiting room and never even got into the back and seeing a doctor.
I waited with my mom from 10:15 PM XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Stayed till 3:45 AM. My mom was snoring on stretcher We left after the nurse said she did not blame me, and she had not seen a doctor in awhile. the ambulance attendants were her (mom's) saving grace. Her vitals were fine XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (XXXXXXXXX's daughter caregiver)
I walked through the door into the hall before the Emergency Dept. (security office on left and two doors to choose from), stressed because of my accident which door do I choose. I do not feel the Emergency Dept door is well marked. And the security office personnel were too busy having a conversation to help.
I want to thank the super Emerg Team at XXX: Dr. XXXXXX, XXX, XXX, and X a lovely and competent young student nurse whose short two syllable name has gone right out of my head for the moment. A little after 4:00 AM that morning they quickly got me settled, diagnosed my problem (a reaction to one of my meds) which was causing my tongue to swell up, and could have blocked my breathing, and got me on a drip which gradually resolved the problem. Then, they monitored me closely until 10:00 AM this morning, before letting me go. SUPER PEOPLE! TOP NOTCH CARE! THANK YOU. Sincerely, XXXXX
I was 20 weeks pregnant, experiencing chest pain and SOB, I waited over 5 hours to have any tests done or to see a doctor, horrid me experience. There were numerous patients waiting in the hall getting little to no help, none of us waiting in bed or chairs in the hall had ID bracelets, so when blood work came to do me, I didn't have proper aid on.
I was admitted to the hospital after I left to the ER I spent over 8 days in hospital because I was sent away 3 times before I was taken seriously and by that point I was going into liver/heart/lung failure doctors did not take me seriously!! *Question - my oxygen levels were at 82 when I was in triage and was still left for over an hour my wife had to freak out before anyone listened to our concerns I was turning yellow and my hands were blue I am now left with permanent damage to my lungs. I am a healthy active young man and this has been a very upsetting experience why were we not listened to, or taken seriously? And even so, the tests don't lie, 82 is too low for my age as a non-smoker.
I was advised to get a general practioner as soon as possible but have had no luck - have tried since XXXXX this year.
I was assessed for a critical condition immediately on arrival which reduced my fear substantially
I was at the clinic with in the emergency room and the Doctor was late at the time of my visit.
I was at the XXXXXXX and XXX. I have concern over confidentiality - especially at the XXXXXXX where you write your name on sheet when you arrive. The sheet is available for anyone to read and then your name is called out. It would be a simple thing to have a 'number' given out and then you are called by the number - not your name.. In my case confidentiality was not an issue but for some people it could be given reason they are at the ER.
I was brought in for a severe stroke
I was brought to back hall #2 I was next to a man who had a biohazard placard on his bed I did not feel safe. Too many patients in the hall, no privacy I heard everyone's medical conditions and they heard mine very distressing, which is why my blood pressure was not coming down and causing the medical staff some concern staff was great facility space and resources were inadequate
I was completely satisfied with the Care I received . The staff was excellent.
I was diagnosed 2 days later with severe acute pancreatitis with damage to my pancreas and hospitalized at XXX. I was given the advise that I was okay and should go back to school by the XXX drs who were dismissive of my physical health and did not care to investigate further
I was directed to the ER at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX due to no ultrasound operator on duty.
I was expecting a certain level of chaos in the emergency department due to Covid-19. I was extremely pleased to see the extraordinary efforts put forth by the staff to ensure my safety , others safety and their own. I did not have any typical Covid symptoms so was taken in to a different zone and seen by a nurse in 10 minutes. Within 20 minutes, I had my bloodwork done and was sitting comfortably waiting in See and Treat area ! The nurses and my attending physician were all amazing. Asking me questions about my condition, when it worsened etc. They were amazing!! I have always been happy with my care at XXX but this time it really hit home how important good care is. Thank you !
I was experiencing a severe situational crisis and was attempting to have myself admitted for help with this and also a sexual assault. Unfortunately it was almost 3 pm so I had to wait for help. I could not stay due to high anxiety and left. I ended up going thru triage ... where I had to remind the nurse to watch her language as she repeatedly referred to my sexual assault in front of another patient in triage.
I was extremely impressed with the care I received at XXX. They were courteous and listened to my concerns, and even looked deeper than I thought. As a result of such care they were able to find the issue. The nurses and doctors went above and beyond when conversing with me and kept checking in to see if I needed anything. Their professional yet relaxed manner put everyone at ease and created a friendly environment. I would not hesitate to take a family member to be treated at this hospital. Thank you for the excellent care.
I was extremely impressed with the quick response from the emergency department. I came in the week after XXXXX Break, when Covid shut downs were in effect. The cleanliness, quick service, kindness and compassion was something I will never forget.
I was extremely satisfied and surprised at the level of care and service I was provided. Not sure if it would have been possible for me to be more impressed.
I was extremely scared of what was happening to me that night. As it turns out, I was having an anxiety attack. It felt like I was having a heart attack. Thank you so much to the EMT's and first responder firefighters who helped me and made me feel at ease by treating me so kindly. Thank you to the nurses and doctors at XXX for being so patient, tolerant and extremely kind to me. I am agoraphobic so leaving my home is a HUGE deal for me. To think I was having a heart attack was very scary as well. But everyone worked hard to find answers and I am so grateful. I wasn't as scared as I thought I would be.
I was fully happy with my visit and care. They were efficient, civil and caring even in the difficult times they are experiencing and the new system at XXX works wonderful.
I was given a Covid test while there. I also got a prescription that needed to be filled. I think that when you give someone a test they should not be going to a pharmacy to fill it. The hospital should fax the prescription to the pharmacy. When I left the XXXXXXX I didn't think about that and then I realized after a text I should not be out until I got the results. I could not fax the prescription to my pharmacy so I had to wait 2 days to get my prescription.
I was given Extra Strength Tylenol, which of course I am familiar with - this is the only reason that side effects were not discussed. I was very happy with the overall care that I received. When I left I was told that I would need to have an ultrasound sometime over the weekend to determine what was wrong, but to return if my symptoms worsened. I don't think my ultrasound was deemed an emergency, so I had it the next day, but I actually had a ruptured cyst and another ready to blow. It would have been nice to have the ultrasound the day that I needed it, because Extra Strength Tylenol and Ibuprofen were all I was allowed to take and really, they did not adequately deal with the pain.
I was given good care at this hospital Thank you
I was greeted, treated professionally and respectfully. Dr. XXXXXX is kind, gentle, professional and talks openly and honestly with his patients.
I was happy with my nurse, very attentive. The x-ray and CT scan was done quickly. But with a head injury I was given something for nausea and pain and given they knew I have low blood pressure told me I could leave no help to get out safely, no instructions about what to watch for did get told to keep sling on ... I had a gash on my ear and shoulder that was covered in blood and dirt that was not attended to st all.
I was having a heart issue and my care was excellent.
I was having a miscarriage and I was in a lot of pain and feeling dizzy. The triage nurse should have given me medication for the pain to help me while I waited 3 hours to be seen by a nurse. Instead, I was sitting in the waiting room, crying in pain, having difficulty sitting in the chair or standing. I understand that shift changes in nurses can cause delays and more urgent cases need to be seen first, but I would expect that I would receive pain medication and the option to lie down somewhere while I have to wait. It's heartbreaking to see myself as well as other patients wait hours to be seen by a nurse or doctor and have to wait in the waiting room because there is no staff there to supervise them in the empty beds or reclining chairs. My visit was over 6 hours to get pain medication and a blood test done. We need more beds and more staff.
I was having panic attacks due to the claustrophobia I experience while wearing a mask. While I respected that this was mandatory, the nurse at triage did not seem particularly sympathetic to how I was feeling at that time, although I don't think it was intentional. The staff at the XXXXXXXXXXXXX are were very compassionate, however I would just like staff to be mindful of how they come across to patients. Oh, and I'm also very pleased at the inclusivity of this survey. Very well done
I was hesitant to go due to the covid crisis, but I could not stop bleeding on my leg. I was pleasantly surprised how quickly I was taken care of after I was registered. The registering process took the longest, but everything was quick after they took me to the see and treat area.
I was impressed by the compassionate, professional care I received from both the doctors and nurses with whom I had interactions.
I was impressed by the immediate attention that I received.
I was impressed by your devoted volunteers who were there before 6 AM to greet me at day surgery. Many great volunteers who made my experience more comforting and supportive. There should be questions in this survey about the volunteers with your hospital.
I was impressed that they told me to throw my mask in the garbage and gave me a new one. I know they're looking out for the community. I wish the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX would go back to being the hospital. You could go there to have surgery and stuff.
I was impressed with the care my son received. Thanks again.
I was in a bad car accident had a hard time breathing didn't have a spot to sit, had to stand for 2 hours and when told the nurse my breathing was getting worse I was told there's nothing they could do for me I would have to wait.
I was in emergency for 16 hrs total not seen by doctor until 13 hour mark. Nurse spike to me 3 times in entire 16 hours. I had seen the department empty and refill 3 times while in hallway on bed. Finally after saying i was leaving at 13 hr mark miraculously a doctor was then available I would rather die than return to this negligent emergency department. The word malpractice comes to mind.
I was in extreme pain due to a workplace fall in a parking lot. While the pain was severe in my arm/shoulder. No one even thought of checking anything else out, like hip/leg that kind of thing. It was a hard fall. They told me to use anti inflammatories and Tylenol extra strength. If Demerol shot they gave me did nothing for pain, Tylenol wouldn't do anything. I don't like taking any meds, but I couldn't move my arm or shoulder properly, in severe pain. It's a good thing I have a family doctor to speak to about my health. I also had to sit on a bed in the hall, with another person in front of me continously sticking her finger down her throat to throw up, the nurses told her to stop. I'm in agony and having to listen to someone continually throwing up during COVID. She should have been put somewhere else. She kept getting up to use the bathroom by me. I also was struggling to get my scarf and coat on before leaving. While I know it's not the nurse's responsibility to help me with that. There was one nurse watching me struggle. I've had fantastic help there before, this one was just ok. Kindness goes a long way in little things too
I was in pain at hospital for 4 1/2 hours before it got pain med. Other than that I was satisfied. XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was in significant pain when I presented to intake, and continued in that pain during the 6 hour wait to be seen by a doctor. I was never assessed or asked about my status during that time. At one point my husband told a nurse I was in a lot of pain. She offered me a Tylenol. I waited another two hours. It was a horrible night. Next time I need emergency care, I am going to XXXXXXXX.
I was in the waiting room for close to 6 hours and in the hall on a stretcher for the rest of the time (6 and a half hours). It was not overly busy but there was only one doctor attending. It was freezing cold. the head of the stretcher was not raised,(I have a bad back) no pillow offered, no cover offered and the nurses spent a lot of time sitting together laughing and talking. We finally said that we wanted to leave with the report of our blood work but were told that we were not allowed to take it with us. We would like a report of the outcome of our participation in this survey. Thank you We were not the only ones upset
I was incredibly thankful for the quick action taken to correct the medical issues I was having due to an allergic reaction. Thank you to your staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I WAS LOOKED AFTER IMMEDIATELY UPON ARRIVAL. THE ONLY WAIT TIME WAS AFTER BLOOD WORK AND X-RAY WAS WAITING FOR MY TURN TO SEE THE DOCTOR. IT WAS A BUSY EVENING AND I WAS RESTING COMFORTABLY
I was never seen by a doctor. A physician assistant talked to me after the x-ray and even tho' I asked to talk to a doctor directly I was not given that opportunity. I also felt that the physician assistant was more interested in telling me to stop taking 1 Motrin a day and take Tylenol instead, than telling me about exercises I could start doing to help my knee.
I was not an emergency as it prearranged I would met my surgeon to remove staples following surgery and was going to be in XXX.
I was not at all taken care of. I spent five hours & 5 minutes in emergency & decided to leave with no help.
I was not feeling well when I arrived at the ED and in a lot of pain. The care I received from the nurses and doctors was excellent- I was scared not knowing what was wrong but everyone made me feel safe and comfortable and explained what was happening.
I was not given a referral for follow up treatment with the VON or other nursing. As a result infection of the damaged tissues that I was in the ER for set in .This resulted in significant extra treatment and care and discomfort that could have been avoided had the referral been made at the time of my discharge from the Er. While the care I was given in the ER was excellent, the failure to refer me for follow up care was very disappointing and could have resulted in serious health issues. It was only after I decided things weren't going well I visited the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX that I was referred to the VON for daily cleansing of my wounds.
I was not impressed that the doctor had no regard for what a previous doctor had diagnosed me with and what he did to resolve it even after I explained that this doctor has dealt with me multiple times and I trust his judgment.
I was not pleased that the doctor asked me if I was on Welfare or ODSP. What did that have to do with my rib injury. I was insulted. I saw the Doctor writing down that I sell cats and jewelry. Why is that on my medical record. I did make a complaint. I got an answer. However patient relations refused to tell me who authorized XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to stop the life saving treatment he consented to and wanted and who decided against the wishes or knowledge of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX that he be euthanized. You killed him. I suspect the decision to end his treatment and end his life was made from the same counselor and nurse who was illegally conspiring with there friend at the office of public guardian and trusty to steel Mr. XXXXXXXXXX's house and property. Of which they tried to do illegally while trying to keep it away from any court of which they are mandated to do. They instead used threats, intimidation, false information and using that XXX was incompetent and could not understand what they were doing. I know many other victims have fallen to predators at your hospital.
I was not treated with respect at the emergency department and my health condition(s) was and is not being taken seriously.
I was on a stretcher in the hallway for 12 hours. All examination, care and assessment was given there. There was no privacy as the public, hospital staff, paramedics, police walked by constantly and saw me. Working in a small city in a XXXXXXXXXX myself, I was embarrassed for other to see me and hear about my issues. There was a complete lack of privacy. I was examined and given my diagnosis in the hallway for all to see and hear. This was my biggest issue. The day nurse also pretty much ignored me for 7 hours and didn't communicate with me. The male night nurse was excellent and very caring.
I was only in emergency for about 30 mins before being transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I was pleasantly surprised how quick I was in and out. Great care. The other emerg. visit was a follow up at the XXXXXX to have the stitches out a week later.
I was prescribed Prednisone by Dr. XXXXXXXXXX but I was not told that if I were to take the Prednisone with my Symbicort that it could cause serious health complications. I was only informed to take it if my increased intake of Symbicort (6 puffs) was not helping reducing my respiratory symptoms. If it was not for my mother checking online about whether or not the two medications could be taken together I would not have known not to take them together. This doctor also questioned if I was asthmatic since when he checked my lungs they did not exhibit the typical signs of asthma. When I explained that I was diagnosed by the XXXXXXXXXXX (formally in the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX) and I had cough variant asthma, he agreed I had asthma. I try to avoid going to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX because I find that the doctors do not listen to their patients and often act condescending. I have had a few good visits at XXX but more often than not I am disappointed with my healthcare service.
I was quite impressed that I did not need to wait a long time. I don't think I spoke with a Dr. I think I spoke with a nurse practitioner or student? The person was super and explained it to me. She would get a 10+ for customer service I'm sorry I can't remember her name ... thanks again
I was quite impressed with the new arrangements and the speed with which I received care. It was a major improvement over previous visits to Emergency.
I WAS REALLY IMPRESSED WITH THE (NEW TO ME) SEE & TREAT ASPECT OF EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT.
I was referred to emerg by my family physician for chest pain The care I received was very good.
I was satisfied with the care I received I was treated with patience and courtesy by the nurses and the doctor
I was seen in a timely manner, it was a XXXXXXXX morning and new doctors were starting there shift. I liked the triage unit it streamlines cases that are not life or death, which doctors are treating very quickly in retrospect I should have had a CT scan on the first visit but one wasn't ordered until my 3rd visit which resulted in finding a tumor in my bladder. I was being treated for a bladder infection even though no infection was found from blood and urine tests. By the time I saw a specialist the total time of my health matter took 6 months, I am booked for surgery XXXXXX, and if it is cancerous it might be a big problem because of the fact I was being treated for an infection and the cancer might have spread. Oh well that's health care in XXXXXXX, hurry up and wait. I am fortunate to be able to pay at a private clinic if we had one, and I might of been diagnosed sooner. If I do need cancer treatment I am considering going to the states instead of waiting even longer here.
I was seen very quickly but once I received a place to lay down, no one ever checked on my head injury unless my daughter went to find someone. I signed myself out as we were told at 6 in the morning that we could probably get to see my doctor at the clinic at 8 before anyone could see me there. Even then the nurse wasn't even sure that I would be seen by a doctor by then.
I was seen, treated, and sent on my way with a prescription in less then half an hour
I was sent this to fill out in behalf of my infant son, but then the questions were asking about education and age etc, so there may be a flaw in the set up on the survey. Thank you for all you do
I was sent to emergency dept by the doctor, who examine my chest from you after hours walk in dept., since I have been to a cardiologist and being taking care of. Thank you!
I was sent to see an eye specialist the following day, it took far too long to contact a specialist. They should have told me to wait at home or come back in the morning.
I was sent to the see and treat area and at the desk asked questions. The nurse said go back to waiting room which I did. 3 hrs later I went back and said I will not wait any longer . Nurse said I have been calling you. I said I was in waiting room and she didn't. She said not ER waiting room. Not specific adds to frustration and waiting room was packed in ER.
I was sent to XXX emergency after attending the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX urgent care in XXXXX. I had appendicitis. I ended up having an emergency appendectomy. From start to finish my care was excellent at both locations. I could not imagine working in the emergency department at XXX. They were absolutely slammed with patients. The nurses and Doctors were so busy, yet remained focused, professional and calm. It was like a war zone, I would have walked out and never come back if it was my job. But there they were working to help everyone. These front line workers deserve a new hospital and a lot more staff. Kudo's to everyone of them. My Thanks to Zone 2 emerg, & Dr. XXXXXX.
I was so disappointed in my care. I was in the worse pain I have ever been in. The ambulance attendants were wonderful trying to help me but they could only offer me Tylenol or advil and I could not keep them down. The pain started to lessen after about an hour after I arrived but never went away completely. I did not see a physician for almost ten hours. I had an abdominal x-ray, blood work. I was given an IV which was ran through. I believe I had three or four bags of IV. I know the ER is busy. The nurses tried. When the physician finally did see me he did an ultrasound and was more interested in playing with that machine then my symptoms. He never asked me a single question about what brought on my symptoms. He never even asked me how I was. He conversed on the use of opiates in the community. I have never used opiates or narcotics of any type. I am a XX yr old woman who had severe abdominal pain. He told me he couldn't find anything and discharged me despite the fact I had trouble trying not to faint. I left the ER and was still sick the next day. I was able to get into my family physician who looked at my x-ray report and told me I had a bowel obstruction and needed to see a surgeon. I subsequently had a 'emergency' CT scan three weeks later and am now waiting to see a surgeon to see if I need a bowel stent. I think that Dr. XXXXXX needs some instruction on how to take a patient history and examine. The man never even put a hand on me even though at one point he suggested I may have appendicitis but then shrugged his shoulders and said well you can finish up your bag of IV and go home or we can discontinue it now and you can leave. Just because some of us don't scream and holler in pain does not mean it is not as severe. Thank you for listening
I was so impressed with the care that I received for my emergency visit. They were professional and quick and fixed me up. I have shared my story with family and friends and would recommend them in a heartbeat. Thank you
I was there for heart problems they said they would refer me to a cardiologist. Said if I didn't hear from them by the XXXXXX to call him personally took 2 weeks to finally get a hold of the person and they claim they never got the referral from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX . So still having heart pains and no deferral yet had to contact my family physician and still waiting . Not impressed with final outcome of my visit specially I went twice to emerge in a one week period about chest pains
I was there for my XXX year old and we were in and out in 2 hours. It was awesome and I felt confident with symptoms to check for when we left.
I was there for slightly over 3.5 hours, and while there is the waiting list time line, it didn't appear to be accurate. I didn't mind my wait, as I had 2 different issues that came up, and in reality I went from not knowing what they were to removed and stitched up in 3.5 hours. I think that was great. The staff was nice, and considering COVID times, I thought it was a job well done. Better ideas on wait times if possible would be the only way to increase my view of the time spent there.
I was there from 9:30 PM one night until 6 AM the next morning all to find out I had an allergic reaction to the soap at work. Not exactly impressed, however staff was extremely nice about everything
I was there to get CT results that my Dr. Requisitioned. My Dr. Was on holiday. Results were inconclusive and a blood test was performed. Will be getting results from my Dr. In 4 weeks ??
I was thoroughly impressed with the cleanliness and the measures being taken. I found all personnel to be polite, positive and overall happy.
I was told by the doctor that he was sending a requisition for 2 things but it ended up only 1 I then had to follow up with my FGP for the other one which took more time from the phone call to the appointment to more time off work - it could have been all done in 1 appointment
I was told that my feet were fine. That I had no breaks or fractures & was sent home. I could hardly walk by the time the taxi got me home. I went to my family Dr in XXXXXXXX the following XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX & she informed me that the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX sent her my emergency information on XXXXXXXXX stating that indeed my left foot is fractured. I was totally upset, due to the fact no one even tried to get in touch with me from the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to tell me my foot is fractured. I went to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX emergency & had to have my feet examined for the 2nd time. While I was there, I made my sister my emergency contact. Oddly enough my sister received a phone call around 5-5:30ish saying that my foot is fractured & would she please let me know because they couldn't reach me. I believe that my Dr in XXXXXXXX must have called to give whoever a piece of her mind. This is unacceptable & very unprofessional behaviour by the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I was transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for emergency surgery for a perforated bowel, and being a bariatric patient I required additional care. They trx me via ambulance and the entire experience from start to finish was painful physically, but was the best emergency experience at the XXX that I've ever had, hands down.
I was treated great. All the staff were wonderful. Not exactly sure why my sexual orientation has any thing to do wit this survey though. But all in all I was treated very good.
I was treated in the See and Treat area and was quite impressed with the level of, and speed of the service provided. I had a nasty bout with shingles and experienced severe nerve pain in my left arm, and back, the doctor that attended to me, even took the time to show me a diagram of why I was experiencing the pain in a certain area. I was thankful for the time and compassion shown to me.
I was treated like I was there for a quick fix. Just because I was there in the middle of the night doesn't mean I am a drug addict The doctor spoke to me with disrespect I was drugged up and sent home No one asked how I was getting home I was puking from the meds that were given to me And left to stagger out and call a cab The next day I was so sick from the meds I went there because I was told to by my family doctor and my surgeon who said to go if my condition worsen before my surgery so I could get it taken care of right away I ended up going to emerge in XXXXXXXX 2 days later where I got amazing care and had emergency surgery as soon as they had a room I was so drugged the time I was at the hospital that I didn't even realize how poorly I was treated until the next day
I was treated very well - better than in XXXXXXXXX
I was treated very well and everything went good too.
I was treated very well when I was horribly sick
I was turned away from XXXXXXXXXX an hour and a half before they were closing because they were at capacity. They recommended I go to XXX. When I got there the wait time said 2 hours on the website. This turned into 5:00 am. I was told it was because after 11:00 there is only one doctor on. I arrived at 8:30. This is ridiculous. So many people left, planning to come again in the morning. I only had an X-ray done (twice, because they didn't get the right area of my leg) and was refused basic bloodwork. When I finally saw the doctor he was patient and listened to me. But I felt that he could have at least ordered bloodwork to rule out infection and gout. He said my family doctor should do this.
I was very disappointed by the treatment of the triage nurse. She was very condescending and spoke over top of me while I tried explaining my issue. I had an infection from wisdom tooth surgery and she treated me as if I didn't know what I was talking about . It was very difficult for me to talk as my mouth and throat was swollen and I had not slept for 36 hour after the surgery and waited until I was absolutely sure I needed help. She needs training in compassion and communication or possible a career change .
I was very disappointed in the nurse. I had I understand they are busy but she left me in a bed pan for 1/2 hour it was very upsetting
I was very grateful for the compassionate and non-judgmental care I received. I was out of my long standing pain medication due to a missed appointment with my family doctor. In this climate of opioid crisis I half expected to be flagged as drug seeking drug dependant but I was treated wonderfully ... the nurses even brought me a dose while I was in the waiting room waiting to be called. The ER physician prescribed me enough medicine to last until I could f/u with my doctor and did not grill me about taking narcotic pain killers or try and suggest switching my meds. He asked a couple questions about my pain and injury and asked if Percocet was working well for me. I have a compressed nerve in my lower back from a traumatic injury ... although Im in severe pain daily and need strong medication to control it the opioid crisis has caused me to be treated like a junkie by healthcare professionals on more than one occasion. It was lovely to be seen clearly and treated with such care and concern. Thank you.
I was very happy with the care I received at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, thank you to all the health care workers.
I was very impressed by the care that I was given. All of the staff were caring and very professional.
I was very impressed for the care i received knowing how busy ER staff is. I am grateful for that. Thank you
I was very impressed with my visit to XXX. I thought I had broken my ankle and your staff checked me, did xrays and I was given diagnosis all within 90 minutes. Staff were appropriate and professional. We love our local hospital
I was very impressed with the care I received and how quickly I was looked after. I walk into the emergency room at 12:05 pm with an injured foot. I walked out at 1:55 with a walking cast! Fantastic experience! Thanks to all!
I WAS VERY IMPRESSED WITH THE HEALTH CARE I RECEIVED AND THE DOCTOR WHO LOOKED AFTER ME HAD AN ULTRA SOUND SET UP FOR ME FIRST THING THE FOLLOWING MORNING SINCE IT WAS CLOSED WHILE I WAS THERE. TO BE QUITE HONEST I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN TREATED WITH KINDNESS AND RESPECT WHETHER I WAS WITH MY HUSBAND, STEP DAUGHTER OR MYSELF. I THINK OUR ER IS FABULOUS.
I was very impressed with the speed and care that I was given in the Emergency Department. I was also appreciative to move to the Urgent Care section. However I was unhappy with the care provided by the doctor. I had a chest/lung issue and have had pneumonia in the past. So I went to get checked again since the same symptoms and pain returned. I was prescribed an opioid to alter my brain to resist the urge to cough. I didn't take this medication as I don't believe this is what I needed. I was quite disturbed at the fact that it was an opioid, especially with the issues in our City. I was strong enough not to take it it feel for those who are not and can cause further issues.
I was very impressed, everyone was extremely kind
I was very please with staff from the initial interview to my discharge. All were courteous and appeared very knowledgeable.
I was very pleased On the visit to emerg. I was having bad chest pains in my Dr office. He wanted to call a ambulance. I said no I got taken to emerg via a car. I was looked at very fast and I was scared.
I was very pleased with emergency doctors care + time he took to examine me + examine my health situation
I was very pleased with my care apart from the actual intake. The doctors, x-ray department, and porter (I needed a wheelchair due to the accident) were pleasant, helpful, and provided excellent care. The intake nurse (the first person to triage me) was rude, did not take care with taking my vitals, and didn't even speak to me except to ask the necessary medical questions. He also chatted with the other intake nurse who also was triaging an injured patient. It was highly unprofessional.
I was very pleased with the services the only issue I have is that you have to stand outside of reception and somewhat loudly state the reason for your visit. On a previous visit this was embarrassing as I had to report that I had bleeding hemorrhoids and all of the other patients in the Emergency department can hear exactly what your issue is.
I was very sick for 2 weeks with what I believe to have been influenza. I went in 2 days into my sickness because I started to get a very sore throat and tight chest which made me believe I had maybe bronchitis and strep throat. I wasn't tested for influenza at all which is what I was told I had, but thinking with everything going on I should have been tested for coronavirus. I did stay home for the full 7 days I was told.
I was very surprised how fast I was looked after Many times before it wasn't like that I was very thankful XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXX.
I was well cared for by the E.R. dr and an appointment was made for me with a specialist for the very next day.
I went because I was short of breath and heaviness in my chest. Girl on first triage was not interested in anything my daughter or I said 1 1/2 hrs after waiting nurse came out got me. EKG showed I was having a heart attack immediately sent to triage 1. Excellent care full 8 hrs. We were told by other patients she doesn't take people seriously. Could not believe she was first person to see! One man had a blood clot and he had to sit and wait in waiting room longer than me. I even told dr. & nurse if I was having a heart attack why did I have to wait 1 1/2 hours to be seen. Needless to say my daughter was very upset. Everyone in the whole emergency room were caring, compassionate, and were great, dr. & nurses were so professional they wouldn't comment on why I was left in waiting room so long the emergency room didn't have on excess amount of patients in waiting room, but back rooms probably did, don't know for sure I had follow-up at XXX the next day had lung scan done and saw emergency dr. to go over everything the night before. The staff at XXX was great except registration nurse. I will go elsewhere if she is on desk, if I ever need to go back. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I went due to a fainting episode. I felt fine but thankfully my visit to firstly the XXXXXXX then XXX resulted in a PE in my right lung diagnoses. I am so grateful that something was so dangerous was found due to the doctors at both facilities and there tenacity to figure out why!
I went in having consumed 8 anti-anxiety pills and was over dosing. I was told I had to wait. I waited 8 hours even though I told the triage nurse I was feeling worse. When shift change came around, I asked the new triage nurse when I would be seen. I never got her name, but she was extremely rude to me. So much so that I didn't bother staying. I would not recommend XXX to anyone. I was not taken seriously, and was treated terribly by staff. I obviously was in a crisis and no one took me seriously.
I went in to emergency for an x-ray, which was completed, and a follow-up CT scan was ordered. I was treated well, kept away from other patients, waiting time was okay and I was completely satisfied with my visit. No complaints!
I went in with a severe flue. I had just been diagnosed with a rare cancer 4 days prior. The doctor was fabulous (evening XXXXXXXXX). One nurse didn't listen to me when I said the IV was burning my arm. She said it wsa normal. My vein broke and my arm swelled. My husband had to get her back to take it out. She wouldn't listen to me! I knew it wasn't right!! The doctor was amazing as always.
I went there because my dr sent me to the emergency with an email stating it was urgent and I waited in discomfort for 4 5 hours before I even saw a nurse very sad!!
I went to emerg twice on a weekend, both doctors were great, listened to me and were very kind
I went to emergency because I passed out in a store, by the time I got to emergency I was feeling better. I was put on a stretcher in an area with multiple others, a nurse took some information and I didn't see anyone for over 2 hours, so I went and found a nurse to ask how long until I see a doctor, I was told 2.5 to 3 hours so I signed myself out and made an appointment with my own doctor.
I went to emergency because of a fall and concern of head trauma. It took 9 hours before I saw a dr and had a ct scan. If I had head trauma, I would have had serious issues waiting that long to make sure there wasn't a bleed going on!
I went to Emergency because of very severe pain. I had a colonoscopy the day before and was fine following it. The next day I was looked after immediately at Emergency and had tests. It was four hours before I received any medication for excruciating pain. A doctor appeared and told me he would look after me and see me in the operating room in two hours. I still had no idea of the problem. After coming around following the surgery I was told that during the colonoscopy my bowel was perforated and that I was a very sick woman. During the surgery I was given a colostomy and 21/2 months later it was reversed because of problems with it. My story!
I went to emergency depart at 8:30 pm At 945 pm they checked my blood pressure, 2 tablets of tylenol were given was told to sit and wait at the waiting room. At 2 am I asked a nurse why is it taking so long for people were also waiting like me The nurse said I don't know and she left After 10 mins she cam back and said to wait for 4 more hours because there is only one doctor. Many people had already left The nurse was being very rude and said that this was my problem, not hers I don't recommend this hospital to anyone and I had to go to the hospital in XXXXXXXX. I thin there really is no point in doing these surveys because you guys don't really care about it.
I WENT TO EMERGENCY EARLY MORNING SHARP PAINS MORE ON THE RIGHT SIDE I HAVE A HISTORY OF KIDNEY STONES THE WHOLE THING WENT REAL WELL TILL A NURSE INJECTED MY INTERVENOUS WITH ? THEN FROM THERE WAS A NIGHTMARE!!! I STARTED THROWING UP THEY HAD TO REMOVE MY CLOTHES I WAS AS WHITE AS A GHOST SHAKING WITH CHILL I THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO DIE I WAS HOOKED UP TO A MACHINE WITH STICKERS ALL OVER ME A COUPLE OF HOURS LATER I STARTED TO FELL BETTER THE DOCTOR SAID I WAS LOOKING BETTER THEN THEY SAID I COULD GO HOME SO I ASKED THE ONLY LADY THAT SEEMED TO CARE IF I COULD GET SOME CLOTHES SO SHE GAVE ME SOME SCRUBS TO WEAR HOME AND SHE GAVE ME MY CLOTHES I ARRIVED IN THEN THEY RELEASED ME OUT A SIDE DOOR DIDN'T ASKED IF I HAD A RIDE OR IF I WAS OK TO DRIVE HOME!!! NOT IMPRESSED AT ALL .
I went to my hometown hospital. I went in for X-ray and it took me 3 hours to get in there. In XXXXXXXXX you go in you register and then you can go for your X-ray. It's very organized. I had broken my foot and fell and hurt my arm. I don't have a family doctor. The doctor took care of my arm too. He asked a few questions then he took over. He's a very good doctor and I did not need to have a special appointment.
I went to the E.R four times and did not find out what was wrong with me until the 4th visit.
I went to the emergency because It was a blister I had gotten on the back of my heal from walking that day. I think maybe my shoes were too small. I had luckily not took long in the hospital since all that was necessary for it too heal was a big bandage. There was minimal pain. It wasn't necessarily an emergency but I was close by when I discovered the blister. Thank you all for being the wonderful care providers that you are.
I went to the emergency because my family doctor's office was concerned about heart related problems. I left Emergency knowing I did not have any life threatening problems but I am not sure what the problem actually is? I was very happy with the treatment I received. They made suggestion of possible problems that caused the rib and back pains.
I went to the emergency dept on a XXXXXX morning that was the reason I could get care right okay.
I went to the ER 2 days in a row.. Not sure which visit this questionnaire is for. I have combined the 2 visits when possible. The last question does not apply.
I went to the ER and was having blackouts & dizzy spills I thought I was having a stroke It turns out that my blood count was low, but the doctor did not tell me this which was neglectful on his part
I went to the ER to get directions to the walk-in clinic, only to discover it isn't at the hospital anymore, but the place was almost empty (9:30am XXXXXXXX) they said they would help me - with what?? Removal of a deer tick in my arm!!! I felt rather embarrassed!!! MD had a hard time getting it out - not taught at med school???
I went to the XXXXXX initially where the dr listened to my infant's chest, he deducted that he had a viral infection, in spite of the concerning symptoms I described, to let it pass. As the day progressed, I realized my infant was beginning to struggle with his breathing. Later that night I went to XXX After waiting nearly 5 hours with my infant, describing symptoms such as: difficulty breathing, wheezing, fever on/off, rattle in chest while breathing, unrestful sleep etc. I opted to leave, as we had been told there were still several hours before the chance of being seen by a physician. I let the triage nurse know that I was frustrated, and that I was leaving to go see my family physician later that morning. We were then given a diagnosis of pneumonia. Very frustrating and fruitless visits at both emergency departments for this occasion.
I wish I. could go there instead of my Dr. I am not pleased with him but it is hard to find a good Dr. any more
I wish the waiting would be so long until you see a doctor.
I woke in the morning and my lets were weak and I had trouble walking, I called my doctor and she said to go to walk-in, I went at 4 walk-in was busy at 5:30 they said it could be a possible mini stroke and sent me by wheelchair to emergency. In the interim when I was waiting to be seen at least they took me for an EKG, chest xray & brain scan and blood work which I thought was as least a better plan than in the past because the nurse said that way they will have all the reports by the time I seen the doctor, I finally seen the doctor at 1am. He said he was not sure what it was as the tests showed nothing and sent me home and told me to call my doctor in a week and in the meantime drink two litres of water and take my blood pressure. I feel if I had had a mini stoke by the time I waited 8 hrs was way too long. I left the hospital still feeling very weak and trouble walking. At least by the time I got in to see my doctor all reports were at her office.
I would have liked to have been offered more water to drink. It was only brought to me twice. The second time I had to go up to the desk and ask for it. I was glad to have my own water bottle with me.
I would have paid a private clinic or dr. to be seen in reasonable amount of time. It was inhuman to wait 7 hours and not have any tests etc. ... no answers ... no relief. My family dr. is too booked to get appointments, had no choice but go to ER. It's not a good system!
I would have to say that the Doctor on call that morning, did not properly listen to me as I was telling him that I had had pneumonia twice before and the symptoms I had were exactly as the times and that I could tell what was coming. I understand that there are a lot of self diagnosticians out there, but I thought he could have spent more time listening to my thoughts. I ended up in XXXXXXXXXXXXX that same night after having passed out for approx 30 minutes and cut my forehead open on the tile floor. A XXX, they did chest X-Rays and took blood and administered two units of saline via IV. The doctor on call at XXX prescribed antibiotics to be taken as soon as possible after my release. I was at XXX for approximately twelve hours.
I would kindly request that the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX system please create more training programs for doctors and nurses on how to treat patients with respect and dignity please, thank you.
I would like to see somebody at all hours / day or night to read peoples x-rays - and not made to wait till mornings to get our x-rays results revealed!
I would much rather wait the 4 hours that I did at the XXXXXXX, than 4 hours at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX., but it was still a very long wait.
I would never see the dr. that I saw at the urgent care again for any reason. He gave me a prescription for an analgesic medication that was discontinued in XXXX. My husband is a well respected pharmacist in the community and as soon as I showed the prescription to him he was amazed that a dr. would not know that the drug wasn't even available anymore. Also the same dr. told me that the test that I did was clear and the hospital report that my family dr. received said otherwise so I should have been treated with antibiotics and wasn't.
I would only like to share that it is disgusting to see so many people lying in hallways. No excuse for this. This should happen to all goner meant people in high government jobs. If it happened to them, things might improve.
I would recommend this hospital to anyone I was very pleased
I would say the wait time. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is always a long wait. Doctors + nurses very professional.
I would seriously rethink the manner in which patients check in. With face masks on, it is difficult to hear the questions asked by the nurse. It is extremely embarrassing to be yelling why you are at the ER, with many people sitting in the waiting room. It feels demeaning, and is absolutely not client engaging.
I'd had a bike accident and was in pain, but nothing I needed anything other than Motrin to handle. I came to get stitches out that had been put in in XXXXXXXXX, my home town, a week prior.
I'd prefer a more experienced doctor next time so we could avoid some issues that have arose from our visit.
If I had any issue it was the time waiting in the hallway to get blood results that were taken. It was the greatest amount of waiting time (2-1/2hrs) of the time I spent at the hospital for a 2 minute discussion with the attending Dr. that I needed a dose of Vitamin K. If the blood results could have been received sooner I would have been able to leave and any physician time could have been spent on a patient more in need than I.
If it wasn't for one of the doctors in the ER knowing about this new drug Ilatihant that XXXXXXXXXXXX had on han and had it rushed to XXXX that night. I would have died.
If you are not able to walk because too dizzy a wheelchair would have been great. I had to walk, by myself & was nervous, had to stop and ask where is the emergency door. I was not impress at all.
If you don't have a serious condition, you end up waiting 5 hours to be seen. This is not ok!
I'm a dialysis patient. They diagnosed the problem & sent me by ambulance to XXXXXXXX for treatment. Knew the problem & looked after me very well.
I'm from XXXXXXXXX and whenever we discuss emergency departments the XXXXXXXXX one is always on top of our list. we share this with other family/friends. The care there far outweighs the care at XXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I'm not 100% sure some of these questions apply to me (wait times especially) as I got brought in from having an allergic reaction while I was already at the hospital getting an MRI and had to be monitored for hours. All of the staff was great though!
I'm not sure answering education level questions alone can give you a true sense of a persons intellect?
In an emergency situation you just have to be patient your not going to be in and out in under a hour. I'm just glad that we have such a dedicated team of nurses and doctors just around the corner in such a well equipped hospital. The time I was there I did not consider it being that long. One's health concerns take a well orchestrated approach to finding the route cause which requires time and skill to find the cure for the patient.
In general I find waiting periods are too long, but understand the reasons why.
In my opinion I had the best overall care possible with my health concern. I understand that the emergency can be a busy place. From what I witnessed all was well managed and under control. I know halls getting crowded BUT patients waiting days for beds should maybe have a separate waiting area. This would be my only concern. My health concern was a emergency and was dealt with in a emergency manner. Thanks
In regard to this particular visit, I was and still am, in a great deal of pain because of the need for a knee replacement. However, the doctor(s) I saw were very helpful and comforting, but as of yet, I have not acquired an appointment with an orthopedic surgeon. I do understand the system is quite overloaded with many patients waiting too, as well as the difficulties that Covid presents. I was amused when I saw Dr. XXXXXXXX; he had looked at my knee X-ray and said, --'XXXXXXXX when I look at your X-ray, it makes MY knee painful.' I laughed. Your Emergency Dept. does seem to be improving and I was happy with my care at this visit. Thank you.
In the past, I have had issues with my Mental Health. When coming to the Hospital with severe pain in my chest and a fall on the floor, my husband called an ambulance to get me there right away. That was my first visit which is going on three weeks ago. I have very positive things to say about the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX but on this particular night I felt from the nurses, behind the desk was nothing but laughter, swearing and I do not appreciate hearing about my past and history of depression and anxiety. The F word was used often which I am aware that it is a common word used with the younger generation but it truly bothered me. I do have Cervical Dystonia and I am seeing a doctor at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX every three weeks for the care of that. XXXXXXXXX does not have enough doctors who have the knowledge of what this is. (or the nursing staff). Many years back I suffered angina and had an angiogram at XXXXXXX's Hospital where XXXXXXXXX sent me and continued on Nitro. On my second visit, by ambulance and sent by a telehealth nurse,(I did not want to go) the ambulance driver gave me two baby chewable aspirins, also nitro spray. He spoke with my husband and my history and with each spray with him and in the hospital, I was starting to feel much better. That doctor was amazing and I am pleased to say because of him I am getting a stress test and I will be going to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to see a heart specialist. He also did a chest x-ray, also blood tests. Dr XXXXXXXXX, I believe was his name and I thank him for his kindness and helping us get to the hospital. Not all of my TIA's have been confirmed. I have had two blood clots in my lungs and I thank your Hospital for finding them. Why does Mental Health Stigma have to be so bad for patients every time? After my mom past away I had a terrible breakdown - who wouldn't. Many years ago my past rape came out when the man was arrested, I needed ongoing help. I have seen my GP and my psychiatrist since the first visit. Both want the pain and racing of my heartbeat to be investigated/ Anxiety and racing heartbeat are two different things. I ask you from the bottom of my heart, for my cousin's sake who is no longer here to speak, and no it was not your Hospital. Listen to everyone - equally whether they have had a history of Mental Health or whatever, she had clots they didn't see and didn't believe her. She past away young, released from the hospital in a few hours.
INTAKE TRIAGE WAS EXCELLENT. OVERALL, THE WAIT TIME IS AWFUL - I UNDERSTAND THAT EMERGENCIES ETC TAKE PRIORITY, HOWEVER, HAVING TO BE THERE FOR 4HRS BORDERS ON RIDICULOUS.
It appears that there is a lot of time waited with attendents standing around talking to each other I know there were a lot of patients in emergency but the system in place is not working. It does need improving. I have been in with another family member and even though there were a few nurses instead of checking with the patient right away, they go away and come back Handle the situation right away and save time.
It excellent
It is important to say that after being seen at triage I went to the XXXXXXX as the wait was going to be at least 6 hours at Emergency. I never stayed to see physician, however while waiting I myself had both knees wrapped in tensor bandages there was no where to sit or elevate my leg, was never offered assistance or ice pack. I felt covid screening was poor, no temp check at entrance, then waiting area not 6 feet spacing pts pulled off yellow tape laying across two seats, had on my own N95 mask had to change at door, when called to triage vitals checked but equipment (BP cuff, skin thermometer, sa02 probe) not cleaned between patients. Why no infrared non contact thermometer even the mall has these. Also when went to XXXXXXX arrived at 1845 hrs. There was sign stating no further patients, I telephoned in as they are to be open until 2100, staff initially said waiting room was full, i stated i had been at Emergency and there was 6 hour wait and 7 ambulances in bay waiting and was encouraged to go to XXXXXXX, the phone was then covered over and then was told i could come in. when i entered there were only 3 patients one who i had seen at Emergency. they had PSW at door 2 RNs that I saw and a ward clerk. just wondering why they would be closing doors 2 hours and 15 minutes early??
It is ridiculous to have only one doctor available at night when the waiting room is full of people.
It is too bad that I had terrible pain in my stomach and the doctor ask me what brings you in emergency? They should take care of this some time.
It is very important to have this emergency department in XXXXX as my Dr. retired recently from the XXXXXXX Dr.s office and my new Dr.s office is in XXXXXXXXXX, quite a distance from my home.
It is very overcrowded to the point of being unsafe the staff works very hard under stressful conditions.
It might be helpful to have a nurse on duty who is experienced in taking blood or giving an IV through a PICC line ... none that evening were and so they used my small veins in the wrist to take blood & inject morphine instead of the PICC which bruised me for several weeks after
It seems as though the triage nurses get lost when there are ambulances and patients Also found that with a couple of other patients the nurses were extremely rude and dismissive
It took over an hour for me to be seen by a triage nurse and then registered. When I asked how long till I saw a doctor I was told at least 5 hours, this was after the first hour of being there. The nurse who did the triage rolled her eyes at me as I explained my symptoms, snapped at me when I said the blood pressure cuff was hurting my arm (which by the way it lifted my arm up in the air because it was so tight when it was taking my blood pressure). I have not been to the ER for myself since XXXX, I rarely go to my family doctor, but because I was having chest pains and could not take a breath without pain I decided to go to your ER. After it taking an hour to be triage and registered I signed myself out without seeing a doctor, there was no way I could continue to sit in that ER in the pain I was in. I didn't sleep that night due to pain.
It took too long for a serious work related injury Unable to return to work to start the process for compensation.
It took way too long to see a doctor
It was a good experience and I learned through a blood test that I had had a minor stroke at some time in the past and was referred to the XXXXXXXXXXXXX for follow-up.
It was a good experience. I have no complaints at all.
It was a great visit and very informative on when to use EpiPen. Thanks to the doctor.
It was a long visit but due to the concern by the nurse's and doctors I knew it would be and that there would be a few tests that I would need. I did not think the time that I spent there in lieu of this was unreasonable and am aware that care is given on a priority basis. I am very comfortable with the time and extremely happy with the care given to me.
It was a more pleasant and comfortable experience than I expected being in the middle of Covid. I felt very safe and the staff were all very positive and professional.
It was a very calm and quiet atmosphere that XXXXXXXX afternoon because there were hardly any patients there. That was good. But it did seem a long time between seeing the doctor the first time and him coming back to tell me the situation. I was quite happy with his diagnosis. Unfortunately he gave me medicine that I was sensitive to- morphine- but I took it for 2 days and it did the job.
It was a XXXXXXXX evening and extremely busy - a lot of children.
It was an excellent experience, I chose not to go to the city hospital because of the rumours of very long waits, I went to the urgent care near me and chose correctly, it was amazing!
It was busy in the emergency and the nurses and doctors were running around like crazy. The wait times I experienced were NOT due to them working slowly. All of the staff were extremely courteous, friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. They appeared to be very tired and overworked. Thank you very much for your help during my distress.
It was excellent. During COVID. Every single employee was kind, professional and helpful. Appreciate that the doctor called me after to discuss test results of X-ray, bloodwork and ECG. Thank you!!!
It was good they worked together great Was taken good care of So thanks
It was not busy during the time I needed emergency care. It was COVID and surprisingly not busy at all. Quickest experience I have ever had.
It was not clear in this survey how to answer the "about you" questions I am filling this out regarding my daughter's trip to ER, so all questions to that point are from her/my perspective, but "about you" answered as myself
It was OK if you liked hallways!! Over 6 hr
It was over all a quick and easy visit. I was pleased with how quickly I was registered and then looked after with an assessment, x-ray and diagnoses. One small incident that happened when I went for my x-ray, I was told that I was having an x-ray on my shoulder, chest and ankle and I would need to remove my bra for the upper body x-rays...which I did ... however I had only sprained my ankle so I questioned this and the technician verified with someone else that I was only needing an x-ray on my ankle. He was polite and apologetic and I did not feel this was in any way an inappropriate incident but rather just a mix up. However, it could have been more confusing for someone who was in more pain, elderly or just not able to comprehend what was being requested and why. It was an honest mistake but I thought it should be noted.
It was quite successful
It was the quickest emergency visit I've ever had and everyone was great !
It was very poor I sat there 8 hrs and only when they took a blood sample was I told I could go XXXXXXXXXXXX
It was very uncomfortable waiting so long to be given something for being severely constipated and to have to sit so long.
It would be awesome to have better chairs in both waiting rooms Nobody wants to sit on a uncomfortable chair when they aren't feeling good
It would be nice if a person was given a heads up on what comes up next or what one is waiting for - next test, procedure, or visit from doctor. Long period of time went by after last test/procedure. I began to ask grandson if may be all was done + we should have left. I did not know that we were apparently waiting for the doctor to come in give info about tests, medication to take and follow up instructions + expected calls I would receive in next few days re the paper she gave me on next appointments/consults I needed to do. If I had been to emergency department in recent years, I would have been aware of the places + that before you leave a doctor does come to talk to you.
It would had been nice if i had an x-ray on my both ankles and the doctors said that I sprain both of them
It would have been useful to just do the ultrasound we all knew I needed and just get the answer, rather than 'nothing is broken or torn that the x-ray shows, go to your family doctor'. Of course it wouldn't show up in an x-ray, it's not that kind of damage. But damaged it certainly is, and not getting better. I can understand queueing for advanced investigation like MRI, but ultrasound isn't that lengthy or complex in this situation and would have cut to the chase from the start.
It's the most impressed I've been. The fracture clinic can sometimes be behind. Since covid this are impressive. Its a well oiled machine as far as I'm concerned.
It's very good
I've always had excellent service with the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXX Emergency departments. I only would use them as a last resort, the past couple of occasions were due to extreme pain as I am currently waiting to see an Orthopaedic Dr for cortisone injections. I received excellent care for this issue, with Dr. XXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXX of last year and the last visit with Dr. XXXXXX. A bit of a wait, but I was in such pain the wait didn't matter. The nurse did offer me some pain relief, which I appreciated but declined, I do not take drugs as they don't really help with this pain. Excellent job!!
I've always had great experiences at the XXXXXXX. No complaints here! Thanks for your ongoing care and concern.
I've always received good care at XXX, over the years in XXXXXXXXX I've been at the XXX several times and have been very satisfied on an overall basis. Thank you XXX
I've been there 3 times for the same issue. The first time I went, I was going for my piercing infection I was told I would not have to be cut open, just to take some antibiotics and it should clear up if I ended up having to come back they said i would have to remove it, the second time I went I was told I would not have to be cut open, just take out the piercing and take more antibiotics and it should clear up, I'll feel much better the doctor kept saying to me but I ended up having to go back a third time. This time I was being told I would have to be cut open and I didn't really have another option, when I asked for another option the said I could take more antibiotics and hope it drains itself at home. I'm not impressed. Your doctors and nurses need to educate themselves on piercing infections and how to deal with them.
I've used the ER twice in the last 6 months. First time, all staff were professional and displayed a high level of empathy and understanding of what I was experiencing. This last visit, there was 1 nurse(I do not know name) was rather abrupt with me. My husband says she was not rude but agrees about the abruptness
Just a long wait in hallway next day.
Just glad you're all there to help & assist when needed! Thanks
Just had to wait a long time, enjoyed the movies playing maybe add some more tv's or something to help with long waits. But ya it'd help if I didn't have to wait so long.
Just the I.V. Beeping and saying there's air in the line like every 5 minutes and then sitting listening to that beeping noise for sometimes 15 minutes, like someone with some sort of knowledge could just come reset it so it doesn't piss everyone else off! But I will say the nurses who helped me were very kind and helped me relax. And the doctor was very kind as well and helpful.
Just the wait times are too long. I realize that there is a shortage of staff and money. Parking is also expensive.
Just want to say the Porter staff were extremely kind and helpful to myself and other patients I observed
Keep up the good work. It is doing much better then before
Kind & very helpful information. Thank You.
l think the Doctors and Nurses do great work there and l appreciate everything they do. The only thing l didn't like was having the thermometer pressed to my forehead, being as it had touched every other patient there.
l was treated with respect and my visit was great.
Left after 3 hours wait time patient is X years old & visibly injured & was never seen by a nurse or doctor besides triage. Disgusting, not to mention patient caught a virus in the ER that made him quite ill for 2 weeks because waiting room was extremely overcrowded
Length of time from being in triage to registration to actually having doctor treat me was too long - emergency dept is understaffed on weekends and staff is overworked. Not enough beds to accommodate patients
Let me begin by first saying that the survey does not specifically distinguish which particular visit date to which I'm filling the survey results on. If I were to refer to my visit on XXXXXXXXXXX as opposed to my visit of XXXXXXXXXXX, my choices for each question would be quite different. On XXXXX, I was misdiagnosed by one doctor as having a possible intercostal muscle pain issue, and ended up returning three days later with much the same intense pain on XXXXX. Another more perceptive doctor properly diagnosed my condition as having a pulmonary embolism, to which I was promptly treated with the appropriate blood thinner. I feel mistakes such as this, and the inability to notify the first doctor of his mistake leads me to believe that corrective action and adequate feedback are not a priority with the medical profession. His misdiagnosis could have potential put me in grave danger, as PE's can be fatal if not taken care of in time. The condition in emerg on XXXXX are not the same ones that I have filled out this survey (referring to XXXXXXXXXXX). It is all well and good to present me with a survey that purports to take health care seriously for the citizens of XXXXXXXXX, but my personal experience over the last five years shows me that going to emerg here is nothing more than a crap shoot, with wide variations in service delivery. At times I would give the hospital and staff a 9 out of 10, and other times, barely a 2. This lack of consistency is perplexing, and not solely dependent on heavy case loads and busy periods. As a patient, set apart from the daily goings-on at this hospital, I fail to see why such a wide variation in quality health services can't be rectified, or possibly even identified. I have already received many of these surveys, and filled them out where others would just toss them in the garbage. Most people have already resigned themselves to accepting the current level of treatment, good or bad. I have also noted that certain numbers of patients waiting in emerg are chronic complainers, discontent the moment they arrived, and expect premium treatment within minutes. I assure you I'm not one of them. I realize it takes a team, one that works well together, and has the resources to provide the services we've come to expect for our tax dollars. Overall, I'd say there has been some noticeable improvement at the XXX, but feel it is still far from the mark of being above average. The problems are many, and even little changes would be a move in the right direction. But unless those things can be properly identified, nothing is going to change there, in my opinion. Surveys like this one are basically rigged to get the results it expects to get, and are so non-specific that the questions could be chopped down to three questions and still get the same result. Why would one's sexual orientation even matter when it comes to health care, or that I'm white, green or purple? Is that how health care issues are framed in this country? Until the survey questionnaire is amended, this will be the last one I will fill out.
Liked the new procedure of going into the sit & asses room @ XXX Nice bright clean area with adequate seating
Locking doors at 8 pm I was parked in the D wing parking lot. At 8:05 pm had to exit the main entrance with a cast on my leg and make my way to my vehicle parked there After 8 pm locked doors SB Exit only. Awful trek to my car.
Long wait time post-visit for MRI - over 8 weeks. When you have no feeling in your legs, that is a very long time to wait.
Long wait times and short visit with doctors. They rush us to much to get out.
Long waiting times but I understand there is only one doctor on staff at the Urgent Care. All staff (Reception - Nurse - Doctor) all extremely polite, caring and professional.
Love the new set up in the emergency department
Love the XXXXXXX
Many thanks to the ER for the prompt attention I received in a scary situation. THANK YOU!
Mom went in because she was in a state of disarray! She had a urinary tract infection, she was not tested for that until I called again 5 hours later! The infection is why I called the ambulance in the first place XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXX's son
More & better care needed for aging population in this size city.
More beds. In my other visit during the flu season in XXXX (I think) I was in the hallway for 3 days because there was no bed.
More doctors are needed to keep up with the demand. I only noticed 2 doctors with patients. The baby Dr that was there was amazing with the kids.
Mother & father accompanied son to ER (I am challenged) A care plan had recently been put into place w/ XXX to address ER needs since previous visits did not address the seriousness that presenting symptoms could indicate New care plan worked excellently & needs assessed immediately
Much more help needed for proper care.
My care was prompt, thorough, professional and comfortable. I was impressed.
My care was very good
My daughter (aged XX) received attentive informative care on a very serious situation
My daughter received great care from everyone we came into contact with. The Dr made us an appointment with a pediatrician. While we were there the nurse made some observations about my daughter that we didn't notice before. Before we left they let us know how to care for her until her appt with the pediatrician. The most important thing is my daughter had a positive experience there. She has since been diagnosed with juvenile epilepsy after having some tests done with the pediatrician we were referred to.
My daughter was told that she would be able to be with me in the ER, she told the nurse she would be there in 15 minutes. When she go to the ER she was told that I was still in the paramedic holding room so she could not see me until I was officially admitted to the ER. This was not mentioned when she called, she waited in the ER waiting room for 2 hours until she was able to come and see me. I was released from the ER with no medication for nausea which was the primary reason I was brought to the ER by ambulance. The paramedics administered a shot of gravel before I was transported to the ER. By the time I returned to my retirement home via medical transport I felt sicker than when I left to go to the ER and the nursing staff at the retirement home were shocked that I had been sent back in the state I was in. I should have received at least another shot of gravol as they should have realized the drive in the transport would make a nauseous patient worse.
My doctor had sent a fax stating the care that I needed when I arrived at the emergency dept. I arrived less than 18 hours later because I had not received the phone message from my doctor. When I did arrive at the ER department they had thrown the fax in the garbage and had no record of why I was supposed to be there. I had blood work taken at noon (at this point I had not seen a dr yet) 3 hours later a dr came and decided that maybe I should get bloodwork. I told her I had it done 3 hours prior. Apparently it wasn't written down. My husband and I felt the dept was very unorganized and communication was very poor. Overall a very disappointing experience.
My doctor would not see me I had to go through another doctor and hospital doctors to book ultra sound xrays scope now my doctor finally wants an MRI thank you for taking care if me when my doctor didn't x
My Emergency Department visit could have gone better if the triage nurse didn't tell me there was nothing wrong with my hand and gave me pain meds when i got in, and checked my head for a possible concussion when i fainted at my home. This triage nurse was not very polite and seemed to be annoyed with everything.
My emergency visit i believe was in the first week of XXX.
My emergency visit was satisfactory, it was only when I was transferred to a ward that I was very neglected especially regarding my breathing. Very distressful as I nearly passed away.
My experience was fantastic. The nurses and doctor treated my pain quickly, professionally and with a great bedside manner even though they were very busy. I My pain was controlled and the cause was identified. I had tests booked for the following morning and had surgery within an hour or two of receiving the test results. I felt confident in the care I was receiving throughout the entire process.
My experience was top notch. Than you. In fact great to a point where I will be sending a note to the President extolling to 'well done care' XXXX
My family goes there because the staff are friendlier, compared to the XXX which we always find very rude and impatient our waiting times are a lot longer there
My family is so thankful to have the health care system which we have in XXXXXXXXX?
My family reached out to patient relations after my visit for some follow up and didn't ever hear back. We found this very disappointing as a family that there was no due diligence done when we had concerns. I worked at this hospital for 31 years, and was treated very poorly, and witnessed some things that we would have liked to speak to someone about. My granddaughter XXXXXXXXXX called and emailed Patient Relations with absolutely no response. Perhaps once this survey has been reviewed, it will be enough to prompt someone to finally follow up with her.
My first visit to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. was a very positive one. I would certainly recommend the services given there and, as my doctor's office said, the wait-time was not as long as the XXX Emergency room would have been. I have not needed to follow-up there although I was told to come back if more treatment was needed. The doctor and nurses were very friendly and efficient. I will definitely go back to the XXXXXXX if another emergency should arise.
My hospital visit was at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX at XXXX and not directly in the emergency department as directed by my physician. I went to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX due to a sore throat that I had for 3 weeks and although I was not tested for the virus, I feel that I received very good care, was given both verbal and written medical instructions that were acceptable and easy to follow. I truly appreciate the care I received and I give a heartfelt thank you to all staff at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and other departments of XXXX for what you are doing for our community. Thank you!
My husband and I brought our X month old baby to the ER with a fever. Over 5 hours later she had not been seen by a doctor. The nurse who registered her was very cold and ignorant. We left the ER after 3 am, after a nurse offered us Advil. After attending a walk in clinic it was determined our baby had a chest infection and she was given an antibiotic. I'm not impressed that we were made to sit that long with a sick baby. It's unacceptable
My husband has passed on I have to say, the (unreadable) were good to him His wife. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
My husband went to emerge a few weeks ago and also had excellent treatment. It is one of the best hospitals around.
My last visit to this hospital I saw a Doctor XXXXXX + a female doctor, both very good doctors. Dr XXXXXX got me an appointment with a infectious diseases specialist a Doctor XXXXXXX to have a look at my infected foot They were both excellent doctors. They know their stuff
My last visit was due to a bowel blockage. As were the other visits approx "5".
My last visit was during the Covid-19 pandemic, for a migraine headache I had for almost 4 straight days. I was immediately tested for the virus before even being asked why I was there. when I was finally taken to the see and treat area I was left in a treatment room for quite a long time before anyone attempted to talk to me. When someone finally did come in to talk to me I had my scarf covering my eyes because the lights were making the migraine worse to the point that I thought I was going to throw up. I then was left again to wait to be seen by someone before being moved to a treatment room with medical reclining chairs for an I.V to be inserted and started, during all of this still covering my eyes with my scarf because of the light. The first medication that was given with the saline made me very uncomfortable, hot and full body itching (I have no idea what it was, or if that would be considered an allergic reaction). I was given two other medications after it the first one took about 20 minutes to work and stop the uncomfortable reaction I was having. The other medication took a bit longer to work but was effective in getting rid of the migraine headache. I am not sure how busy the hospital was that day but from what I saw and remember it wasn't that busy at all and the door was left open on both rooms I was in and I could see and hear hospital staff chatting at the computer station about their personal lives in no hurry to treat any patients who were waiting to be seen. I fully understand that we are in a very serious pandemic but not talking to patients and leaving them in rooms like that doesn't help alleviate anxiety they may be having about being at the hospital during this time. Hospital staff could work on communication skills with an emphasis on active listening, that would make a huge difference. Everyone is anxious or scared right now we are all in this together and communication is one of our best resources.
My last visit with for my mom was not at all acceptable but that was at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I would rate that one a 0. XXXXXXXXXXXXX is top 10 in my books!!
My mother had large amounts of flem coming out her mouth and someone in Emerg put a mask on her face and she almost choked. Someone did not read her chart when she came in. My mother has respiration that causes lots of flem.
My mother is XX + remembers NOTHING. Maybe some things could be written down for me, when I am not there. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX daughter + power of attorney.
My mother just died 2 months ago, the doctor was very kind and did a follow up call, re strep test, bronchitis was the issue
My name Dr XXXXXXXXXXX My knowledge of medical terms enabled me to understand thoroughly what my relative condition was -> (unreadable) Pneumonia suspected health issue Cardiac complications and negative.
My only complaint is that I was not registered, because someone crossed me off that I had been registered af 45 mins I went to the nurses desk to see if they forgot about me, plus they let people that got in after me to be registered first, so I was a little upset but once I went to ask they registered me right away and I saw the doctor within 15 minutes. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
My only complaint is, that I was unable to get the cast for my broken ankle the same day. I was sold boots for each foot (1 with broken ankle the other chipped bone on foot.) I was given an appointment at the fracture clinic, the following week, when the cast was put on. This now leaves me with a useless boot that cost $125.00. I am retired and do not have benefits This out of pocket expense could have been far less if all done at once.
My only complaint was with the triage nurse. She was cold, uncaring & very abrupt. Made us feel we were inconveniencing her by being there even though it was not busy. Total contrast to nurse & doctor inside emergency room.
My only complaints would be the seating in the wait rooms are not very comfortable. Parking really needs to be changed. There is literally 50 better ways to accommodate people parking their cars.
My only concern with my visit was that I had to wait several hours before a nurse put in an intervenous line and then administered medication for my pain. In the past I was given pain medication shortly after I arrived. I was also told in the beginning of my visit that I would need to get an X-ray, which has always happened in the past, but when I arrived at X-ray dept. technician was quite concerned that I was not in a hospital gown. He couldn't X-ray in my street clothes and being a male could not assist me in changing. Over the years I have been through emergency dept. many times for my Crohns attacks....Other than having to wait so long for pain medication, I felt that I saw the doctors very quickly, they discussed what they had scheduled for me and explained results of all tests..I would say more efficiently than in the past.
My problem was constipation (first ever episode) with variable pain level 2 to 9/10 Having researched over counter meds self treated with senakots This did not seem to help. My stomach was distending. On call doctor not in called healthcare line who suggested I get seen quickly I wish that my 2 ->3 hr time frame in hospital I could have been given a suppository. After leaving hospital with reference to over counter suppository - that worked in 20 minutes time Not sure I should have had an x ray - without being told to try the suppository fist A quick easy fix that I could have tried from home
My RA dr told me to go and get urgent care, my trip here was a waste of time. I never saw a doctor the whole time, some assistant looked after me. I do not go to an emergency department to not see a doctor. My CRP rate was 42.2 meaning I had an infection in me. I left with no meds at all, even after saying I know I have an infection in me. I am immune suppressed and have 2 autoimmune diseases. I should not have left emerg with no meds, it could have spread to my blood. The assistant said I could return if I got worse, told her I would not be returning. I have as much medical knowledge as she had having been working in the medical field for years. I could have gone to a corner store and got the treatment I got here. I think it is terrible the care I got on my visit there. I had to send an urgent fax to my family dr to call me first thing on XXXXXX morning I need meds quick ... Which she did, but I should have been on something all weekend. The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is lacking in many ways ... I sat on 8 different chairs before that assistant came in to ask me questions not good. I will go to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in the future.
My situation was treated with appropriate urgency. I do not see how the nurses, doctor and lab technicians could have done any better.
My tooth had been extracted during a hockey game. We told the nurse it was important to get seen right away, trying to save my tooth. Now I have a flipper & will need a denture. We had to wait almost 2 hours.
My visit lasted 20 minutes Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXX was fantastic very friendly and explained what I needed to do No complaints at all
My visit to Emergency was a good experience other than the very long wait to be seen. The staff and doctors were all very good and I received very good care. Please try to work on better timing, maybe add an extra doctor. I think there was only 1 on staff that night, when we arrived at 11pm.
My visit to the Emergency at the XXX was the result of 3 visits, with 3 different Dr.'s to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. It was a very busy 4 days from XXXXXXXX until XXXXXXX when I had emergency surgery. In that time I had 2 ultrasounds, 2 sets of bloodwork, 1 CT scan, 1 Bone Aspiration before I was diagnosed with extremely high levels of infection in my blood. I want to acknowledge that Dr. XXXXX from the Urgent Care at the XXXXXX for implored me to go to the Emergency. That was the only way I was going to get any answers, as I was unable to get another requisition for an ultrasound after having 1 from both XXX, and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX within 48 hours. Dr. XXXXX also called ahead to the XXX to let them know I was coming, and I was treated right away. I realize how sick I was, and that I am lucky to still be here to write this. I believe Dr. XXXXXXX actions may have saved my life.
My visit to the ER was a great visit. The reason I went into the ER was for an issue that will take time to heal.
My visit to the ER was to setup a regime of antibiotics taken intravenously with XXXX and to begin the first dose. I did have a problem needing care, but not one that truly needed the facilities of this ER, this undoubtedly skews my answers differently than if I had needed urgent care. I have the highest opinion and respect about all the staff at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
My visit took approximately 4 hours because the ER doctors were trying to get in touch with a hematologist (Dr. XXXXXX) to verify my doctor's request for a phlebotomy. Although everyone was very kind, it would have been helpful if they had informed me that that was the reason for the delay.
My visit was a bit longer as the dr did some repeat lab work. Total visit was excellent.
My visit was excellent looked after promptly and felt a lot better when I left ..there are a lot of great professional staff in the ER. I was sent to see and treat a great idea for XXX I was treated quickly
My visit was in relation to several symptoms of Covid 19 virus . It was at a time before they expanded the criteria for testing and their supply of tests was limited and only given to more extreme cases . I self quarantined for two weeks and the symptoms persisted for at least a week. Thank You to all the first line workers who are putting their lives on the line for all of us. You are very much admired and appreciated.
My visit was informative, courteous, and all around nice smelling people. I don't like strong perfume or cologne. XXXXXXXXXXXX
My visit was of a minor nature, it was treated and I was referred to another agency who took care of the situation until well again.
My visit was only fast because of COVID right now. Usually there for hours an hours.
My visit was pleasant from beginning to end, & staff was well organized to my needs.
My visit was quick and pleasant because I got there in a lull, maybe 3-4 people and when I left there were maybe 7-8 people in the waiting room. I was not an urgent case. and the staff were relaxed and friendly.
Need better and bigger facilities. Need more specialists (doctors) on hand. I feel sorry for great doctors and nurses, who have work in that environment!
Need better service a XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Hire more doctor
Need better/friendlier frontline workers. Need compassionate nurses. Cleaner ER department. Quicker response time.
Need more chairs.
Need more doctors!!! I was there for a fall, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, and waited approx 6 hours to be seen by the doctor I only saw one doctor who had to treat everybody, on a busy night. I had a concussions, broken nose, and a broken foot, and I feel that I should have been sooner than 6 hours
Need more time for people suffering with mental health issues.
Needed to go for an X-ray and being in visible pain would have expected someone to offer me help getting their. Instead I was left to walk and navigate my way to X-ray. Bad experience
Needs new benches and waiting area chairs.. they got duck tape on them \
Never saw a doctor during this visit Was TOTALLY misinformed on the solution for my problem & NEVER helped in anyway P.S. I do NOT have a doctor since my dr died my # is XXXXXXXXXXXX my name XXXXXXXX @ the emergency I saw only a dr assistant !
Nice to see more privacy in the hallways.
Night shift zone 2 need to do job e.g. start IV when pt comes in vomiting & diarrhea & obviously dehydrated not leave for day shift nurse to do it as happened with me on my visit via ambulance @ 3:30 a.m. left on my own in fast track 4 throwing up & on toilet.
No complaints. Even the 1 time I was admitted over a yr ago I was put through emerg quickly + received excellent care from all drs & nurses while there.
No excellent card all around thank you
No I was very happy with my care. My injury was less then important on a scale of severity but was treated quickly an efficiently
No one saw me in over 4 hours They put me in a room and left me there
No pain meds were needed at this time, pain subsided gradually.
No pillows, only request was glass of water, told yes (was not npo) but nurse never returned. Staff held huddle at head of my stretcher in hallway and discussed emerg business, dr was real jerk to me
No thank you
No thanks
No thanks.
NO WORRIES
No, it was a good trip to the emergency room & I as pleased with the treatment I received.
No, that about covers it.
Nope. This visit was okay, unlike some previous visits.
Normally I would wait and go to my doctor however because of COVID my doctors office was closed to in house visits so the only option was the emergency dept in order to have a large painful cyst on my elbow lanced
Not at this time.
Not efficient enough in my diagnosis I was sitting on a wheelchair. The doctor knew of my pains yet he told me he have no one to me to the exit when he was through with me though eventual they got someone to take me (a volunteer).
Not enough doctors on duty. I left and finished my visit with another hospital. I couldn't wait another 4-5 hours for my consultation.
Not enough doctors on night shift. I arrived about 11:45 and did not see doctor until 9:30. Wait time was unacceptable. No one in the waiting room was called in that night.
Not one test was run to see if I had detached retina after two doctors suggesting that that may be my issue. I think a test should have been done then instead of waiting to see a specialist.
Not really, very satisfied with service, Big respect for nurses n doctors, doing awesome job. Thanks health care workers n Canada.
Not sure if my visit would have been different had it not been for our present situation (CO-VID), and if the emergency department was busy. Based on the pain I was experiencing I was very grateful that the staff were able to attend to me almost immediately.
Not sure what relevance it is whether someone is gay/trans/straight or bisexual to filling out this survey
Nothing about the ER visit but on this survey I don't know why it is necessary to know a persons sexual orientation and what is 'two spirit' anyway.
Nothing at this time. Thanks
Nothing to add
Nurse at registration was unprofessional - I I had lost complete vision in my eye twice, was suffering with acute pains behind my eye and right temporal region. I do not suffer from migraines, and I am not an alarmist, if I was at ER, I had a genuine serious concern for my wellbeing. I was scared and afraid of possible explanations, ie stroke, clot, aneurism. I never go to ER unless I consider it an emergency. I have the utmost respect for all our health care workers. She stood in front of me as I explained my concerns and before any kind of vitals checked etc. She's like ya, I don't think so. Her tone was condescending and rude. We went in to check vitals, and even though my BP was 164/92. She's like that's not high. I responded. It is very high for me, I usually run with very low BP. Pulse was also up. Anyway, she sent me around the corner to the wait and see room. When upon entry I was the fourth person there. After speaking with the second nurse and she was recording the details of why I was there, she was excellent. Then I was sent back out to wait. I sat for over 4 hours with no one seeing me. I understand triage, but there did not appear to be anyone in more or less distress than myself. I firmly believe because I was sitting quietly, waiting patiently, and not causing any distress they just took everyone else. I was very upset and got up and left. Which I have never done before. Again! Myself and my family have the most respect for the staff at the XXX. We have always received quality and compassionate care. This was one rare occasion, and I hope and pray it never happens again to anyone. I was truly disappointed and angered. I believe if the first nurse had taken my concerns more seriously and not poo pooped me within the first 5 minutes of seeing me, again even before sitting down to record my vitals , etc ... perhaps I would have received some assistance and seen a physician. As in the questionnaire, I would still highly recommend the XXX. Still very disappointed though.
Nurse were very disrespectful to doctor and really paid no attention to the patients. Only nurse that was on nights was great.
Nurse XXX, was amazing, kind and gentle.
Nursed persevered with my problem
Nurses and doctors were nice and helpful, however the phlebotomist was not gentle at all, barely spoke to me, put the cotton swab and tape on before removing the needle and didn't check to see if I had stopped bleeding and I have pain at the site days later. Usually they are nice to me there however I had not had interactions with this particular woman before and it was not what I would consider to be a pleasant experience. Overall the visit was better than usual, my last visit was horrible, this one the doctor was very pleasant, after my last visit I did not want to return to the hospital again but the doctor was very nice this time around
Nurses are amazing as was check in
Nurses did 2 test 1 blood test 1 urine test They place the cup for a baby to take the sample but they forgot to take it to do the test before I left I had to tell them to do it so at the end they didn't perform the urine test.
Nurses don't do much They don't even take my blood pressure Most of my contact was with the doctor. Nurses never said/did much for me.
Nurses great, Dr not so much...he kept checking his watch during my visit. Said my chest pain was caused from coughing even though I advised I didn't have much of a cough, said I likely had some kind of a virus, but despite the fact that I had shortness of breath with chest tightness did not offer covid test likely as I didn't present with ALL of the 'standard' symptoms. My Dr's office had recommend that I go to XXXXXXX and ask for an EKG to rule out pericarditis. Attending Dr refused stating because my chest pain attack was a few weeks ago that test would be of little value even though I'm in my XXXX and angina runs in my family. As well he reluctantly took the chest xray that my Dr's office recommended and discharged me after viewing stating all clear, only to call me back an hour later and leave message on my voicemail to advise radiologist found scar tissue on my right lung and that I would have to return for subsequent xrays! As well I had to exchange money to pay for the parking to exit the lot! Why in the middle of a pandemic is a hospital exposing not only patients but staff as well to handling money, and forcing patients to touch more surfaces than necessary, and exposing everybody by asking patients to come back for subsequent services when they could have all been handled in one visit? Total waist of my time and your resources!
Nurses made visit easy & when doctor seen my grandson he had all information visit made my grandson not anxious and scared of doctors.
Nurses walked by me, heard me whimpering in pain and didn't bother asking me what I needed. I had my first panic attack ever, because of the extreme pain, and got no help. A couple of them just stood by.
Nurses were amazing. Doctor was ok but didn't seem to want to try and figure out what was actually wrong and just push me out with pain meds once it was realized what I thought the problem was, was not actually the issue. It was mentioned, by the doctor, that a ct scan may help but he said we don't need it. I should have insisted since my gp, dr. XXXXX, sent me for one and we have now found the problem.
Nurses were very professional and pleasant. They were very busy and the area was overcrowded. They need more help.
Nursing understaffed! Dr on that night was superb!
On my ER visit I was given prescription for 25 mg of prednisone for 5 days. I took for 5 days: 5 mg day 1, 5 mg day 2, 10 mg day 3, 10 mg day 5 & 5 mg day 5. I was getting lots of drug side effects even with this reduced dose. Thank God for doctor google & the internet. Even the reduced dose of prednisone cleared up my skin condition fast. Also this hospital visit finally got my steadily worsening skin condition treated successfully by my family doctor. For the previous 3 years my family doctor prescribed hydrocortisone cream which did little. After my hospital visit my family doctor finally prescribed Betaderm cream which worked. I wish my family doctor prescribed Betaderm 3 yrs ago. Also my family doctor finally after 2 years or so of me asking him set up appointments with a dermatologist & allergy doctor. The ER doctor recommended this. My eczema was so bad my ankle was swollen. Although ER doctor said it was psoriasis. I'll see what the dermatologist says it is.
On previous visits, I was never told what I should do or eat to avoid my pain (gallbladder related). It wasn't until my last visit that I truly got the advice and knowledge that I needed.
On stretcher in hallway for two days until admitted @ XX yrs and 250 lbs very uncomfortable + upsetting.
On weekend nights have more than one ER doctor on duty. Do not wait to 4 a.m. to call in a second doctor to help clear the backlog as patients in the hallways waiting to see a doctor and get treatment.
On XXXXXXXXXXXXX around 4:30 pm I was quickly brought into the ER. I was suffering from breathing difficult, severe wheezing, discomfort, and heightened heart rate. I told the doctors I had taken the inhaler more than prescribed on the canister (2 puffs as necessary no more than 4 times a day) I had probably taken the two puffs about 5 times since 5:30 am that morning. This was acknowledged as the cause of my elevated heart rate and I was given a nebulizer mask, prescribed prednisone for the first time, had an X-ray taken and shipped out right away I was out by 6 pm. My husband drove me to the pharmacy to pick up prednisone and another inhaler and went home. Still struggled with difficulty breathing, and constant wheezing so I went back to the hospital. I still had an elevated heart rate, but had not taken any inhalers since before coming to the hospital earlier. I told the nurse at the desk I've never experienced this before, have history of asthma but never this severe, inhaler, the prescribed prednisone and the nebulizer mask has not improved breathing quality at all. I feel like my heart rate is high because I can't catch my breath. They instantly bring me back to the emergency room. Doctor greets me by saying 'oh you're back I was going to call you in the morning - your x ray shows excess air in your chest cavity which suggests there might be a hole in your lung' doctor continues to say 'there is no urgency you can come back in the morning for another X-ray'. I told her I really don't feel well and asked if she could help. She said she would take another x ray now but no one can read until the morning. She tries to send me home. I told her I didn't feel comfortable. Could not catch my breath. *I'd like to note at no point did she listen to my breathing* Once again she tried to tell me I was fine and to leave. I told her I can't catch my breath and can't stop wheezing I've never had an experience where my inhaler couldn't help me. She said 'you have asthma and you've never had that? You're lucky. It's normal you should go home and rest'. Still struggling the catch my breath I asked for another nebulizer mask to help me breath. She put that on, did an ekg to check my heart, said I was fine and told me I must just be using my inhaler wrong. She comes back once more and asked if I was comfortable. I responded by saying I still wasn't well. She asked if I used the pill, and I said yes. She said perhaps I have a blood clot in my lung, as it is common among XX year olds on the pill. (This was frightening to me, and strange because an extra had already shown excess air in chest cavity). I asked if that was normal as I've been on the pill for over 5 years and recently had a check up with my doctor and said all was fine. She insisted it was common and gave me blood thinners and told me to come back in morning for a ct scan. She tried to bully me into leaving and said 'I send XX year old women home with blood thinners, no problem you'll be fine. We will call in the morning to do a test, just go home and rest'. Nurse came by with blue ventolin inhaler and box tool to help get the medicine into me. Doctor suspects I am inhaling the inhaler wrong (I've had asthma from age XXXX and never had a problem, but she insisted the nurse show me by measuring my breath before, then administering the inhaler through the box, then measuring after) I took a deep breath, tried to exhale and coughed around 120 mg of breath on the scale that goes to 800 mg and I'm told the average person blows 400 mg. The nurse gives me the inhaler and there is no improvement. At that point he returns with the doctor who says I must stay over night because of my breath reading. This was around 11 pm. I was completely unattended after that, not checked on once until 8 am the next morning. I lied uncomfortable in the hall all night. The morning doctor said the X-ray I had at 10 pm the night before confirmed the diagnosis of pneumdiastinum which showed up on the initial X-ray taken at 4:30 pm. At this point my breathing had not improved and my throat and neck were in agonizing pain. The doctor said I would be admitted but saw no need for a ct scan and cancelled that. When breakfast came around they gave me blood thinners, which I said I don't need because I've been diagnosed with something other than a blood clot and the nurse insisted I take them. I was admitted and despite addressing it an additional two more times I was continuously administered blood thinners. My doctor the following morning re scheduled a ct scan to locate the leak in my lung, and it made no sense to him nor I that my initial ct was cancelled. My nurses were kind and caring. The doctor who handled the end of my stay was incredible, arranging for a lung specialist, explaining things to me, asking about medications and my medical history (all questions and treatment that I did not receive on the first 2-3 days of my stay). I left feeling cared for upon my release, however that does not make up for the initial days of my hospital stay. I feel I was given unnecessary blood thinners, dismissed by doctors and nurses, neglected in the halls, and lost in the system. It boggles my mind how the er doctor did not once take out a stethoscope upon my return to the hospital on XXXXXXX at 10 pm when I had persistent breathing difficulties. I would not recommend the XXXXXXXXXXXX to anyone, the entire night I felt like a burden, being rushed out so someone else could have my bed. I am a XX year old, XX at the time with no prior history of illness in recent years, and was pleading for someone to listen to the fact that something was wrong.
Once I was transferred to Zone 1, I received much better care than Zone 2. A couple of the nurses in Zone 2 were very abrupt and did not do as asked when I thought I was in a low blood sugar. My daughter had to go to my place to get my meter so that I could take it quicker than the nurse was willing to do. It really seemed like we were bothering her when asked to take my blood glucose. My daughters and I were not impressed. It felt like I was bothering her.
Once triaged I was seen quickly. Given that there was a potential I could have been experiencing a cardiac event I feel it took long to be triaged. The department was very busy however. Also the lack of privacy at the triage desk is not acceptable in my opinion. I do work in XXXXXXXXXX but not in XXXXXXXXX. The staff were very professional.
One doctor on duty overnight is absolutely ridiculous. Other patients in the ER were complaining that there was only one doctor. I am filling this out on behalf of my X year old son who was crying because he had bad pain in his ear and did not get care. 6 hours went by and no doctor around. Its pretty sad that the drug related incidents of people who don't care about their health that she up in an ambulance get care before people who do. Things need to change. We just left and got tired of waiting as no one was around. Not a good night.
One of the nurses give us a warm blanket and a can of pop in the night.
Only complaint me and my mom had is having to wait so long at the window for someone to even notice us there at all. Mom says the see and treat area seems to be working well to make visits go faster.
Only issue I experienced was telling the person at the intake desk and the first doctor I spoke with about the Thunderclap headache I experienced around 1pm. It wasn't until I asked again what happened to me. Is this headache serious? The third doctor asked about the time the headache happened. It was 5 1/2 hrs earlier, she immediately sent me for a CT scan as there was 6 hour window of concern. Thankfully the scan did not show any serious issues. I don't think the intake person took me seriously or she wasn't listening well. Unsure if she made note of it in my file or not. Other than that the hospital was efficient and concise. I am scheduled for testing of my nerves at then end of XXXXX. Hopefully the pain I have been experiencing of late won't make me crazy until the appt. As I am not allowed to book any Osteopath or Massage appts until after the testing. Thanks for asking my opinion.
Only issue was a young male was already in the emergency waiting room - when I arrived at 5:15 am - Unfortunately, he was not there to access care - only keeping inside from the bad weather - he was also oa drug addict - asked to use our phone - we obliged - then he left - problem is situation could have turned bad - and he sat just across from security - with 2 guards sitting inside the booth No issue with the young man - he needs help - however issue is with security
Only negative issue - no rooms available - left on stretcher in a hallway
Only one doctor working. Very long wait for a X month old baby ~3 hrs Nothing else was available in XXXXXXXXX at 3 am so we had to go to emergency room The doctor was excellent and nurses working we great too. Overall we figured out why baby had a fever for 3+ days after going to the walk-in several times. So we were happy with service in the end!
Only that I would chose the XXXXXX Urgent Care before I would my GP.
Other than the time it took to provide care (6 hours) during a visibly slow period in ER, I have nothing but high regard for the treatment received, attitude of staff, + care shown to me.
Our daughter was the one in emerg (XX months old) and the doctors & nurses took great care of her before we were transferred to Mac.
Our experience was excellent!
Our experience was overall great! It was our first visit with our X month old and we were in quick & he was examined thoroughly and I was treated with respect as well!
Our favorite hospital to visit in the area, always super helpful , quick and efficient. Thank you for your services!
Our health care is less then perfect!Hoping we can do away with wait times and hallway service.
Our visit was well taken care of, but emergency visit hours should be reduced and patients with pain should be treated on priority basis.
Over crowed, dirty, no offer to assist in my seating. Put up my leg for the pain. They kept calling up the front making me walk in pain. Examined me and took blood in the room with everyone seeing.
Over the past few years I have had to go to the emergency dept. a few times, and I felt that this was definitely the most positive experience I have had. Nurses and Doctors were very attentive and caring.
Overall good experience
Overall great care but the wait time was too long. I went to Emergency on the advice of my doctor and because the associated after-hours clinic was closed. I would have preferred to go there instead.
Overall great experience. The doctor was helpful in setting my mind at ease and set me up with a Cat Scan
Overall I had excellent care
Overall I was pleased with my experience. I have no complaints and was impressed with the organization, professionalism and courtesy shown by all health care providers over my health concern. I was treated with dignity and respect throughout my visit.
Overall it was good and fast
Overall my visit was o.k., I got the help that I needed. The doctor seemed to be in a hurry, I asked him if he thought it could be a certain thing, he said it might be and gave me prescription to get filled which he said might treat it. He didn't give me very much information about my diagnoses, he was rushing out the door as I was asking if I was contagious, if there were any precautions etc. He didn't say anything about if I needed any follow up care, whether I should follow up with my GP, what to watch out for etc. There were not that many people waiting so I think he could have taken a minute more to give me more information.
Overall the care given to our son was prompt and excellent. I was however shocked of the lack of covid screening and precautions. I was not asked a single question related to covid. I've received more screening going to the hairdressers then the emergency department. Both my husband and I did have our masks on and used hand sanitizer. I was not sure if this was because we were rushed in due to the potential injury to our baby at the time. I have also visited the hospital at another time for a MRI and had a full screening.
Overall the care I receive from XXXX is very good. The biggest issue I have is the amount of time I have to wait for care. There were 4 other people in the emergency room waiting area with me and 3 others in the urgent care clinic. I was through triage within half an hour then waited for 4 hours to receive treatment from a doctor. This wait time would not be acceptable in any other setting and should not be acceptable in our health care system.
Overall visit was not bad,everyone work was very professional , my only dislike is the wait time,after registration I have to seat for two or more to see a doctor. The wait time need to be improved..
Overall, my experience was good with one exception - there was nobody at the Triage reception area for approximately 5 - 7 minutes after I arrived, potentially a bad situation were someone in distress and unable to advocate for themselves, I'm grateful for the expediency and quality of the care I received once the triage process was complete. XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Overall, my visit was the best that I could expect - understanding our pandemic situation. I have never been to emergency - so this is my first time assessment.
Overall,I was pleased with the attention I received. I know that Dr's and nurses are extremely busy and they were doing the best they could under the circumstances. Thank you!
Overcrowded, understaffed too small.
PA did procedure, never seen doctor. How does that work on healthcare services. Hopefully, doctor doesn't get monies for this visit. Nurses where great! If voluntary survey why did I get a second one.
Paramedics did not know I was in a waiting room where they were standing outside of after they had passed over a patient to hospital staff - because they assumed no patient or anyone was in this room, they were speaking quite freely and rudely about the patient (a female) - male paramedic was saying things like she was a fucking wreck eh, fucking sad lady, hard to watch that fuck, drunk fuck - female paramedic said oh sorry when I shut the door and she noticed a patient (myself) was in there, yet continued talking as such with the others after the door was shut. Honestly this did not help my anxiety, one of my conditions and a main reason I was in the ER. It made it really really worse. Extremely unprofessional and sad to be honest. It made me afraid for the care I was about to receive - which happened 5 hours later. Doctor was great. I did not mention this to any staff as I was afraid to ruffle feathers.
People who had a really bad cough were not supplied with masks or just didn't wear one
Plan on writing a follow up once I recover from my injury. Improvements needed.
Pleasantly surprised at speed of service once in ER - often being sent up from the walk in clinic
Please provide proper training to your nurses on how to be patient and respectful towards us coming in. We are there for a reason for help. I always feel as if I'm treated, because my issues, which is a problem I deal with daily. They don't listen when we are trying to communicate how we feel the waiting is absolutely ridiculous. I waited four hours to be seen There needs to be more staffing or something XXXXXXXXX is growing and population using time to expand Do something! Step up XXXXXXXXX! Nurses need to stop standing around and gossiping believe me. They speak loud enough for us to hear We may be sick, but we aren't deaf!
Poor.
Probably because of COVID-19 the Emergency was not busy the day I attended. I'm sure my response might have been different had I had to wait for several hours as sometimes happens.
Prompt excellent care and attention to my problem Staff involved with my care should be commended for their service
Question 23 - I answered No because I found having only 1 dr on duty for emergency + trauma puts a heavy work load on them. They do come ot you as soon as they are able It was 9 hours before a dr spoke to me - I do not blame him. He was excellent.
Questions #39-46 are answered about the parent. The patient seen is only Xyo
Questions 39 to 46 really should not be there. None of your business. This was the first time my visit was fast. This hospital is horrible and there is to many rude people who work there.
Quick and responsive
Quick response - Direct approach - Great treatment - Very nice people - My own doctor was sick so I made a great choice
Ran in ER - suggesting to pt's parents to try a medical procedure (OTC) sinus drainage on X wk old infant - pre doc visit - RPN's - Nursing in general should be careful with suggesting - Nurse was kind - but should know all guidelines for practice. Secondly - 1st time taking my infant son with (unreadable) + felt due to several comments + laugh by triage RN + doctor I was a first time worrying mom - As if I overreacted I felt I led my son's care + f/u.
RE pain: Pain was not questionable unsure if pain in chest was simply high anxiety, or mild - moderate actual pain. There was no need for paine medicine, which is why I did not receive medicine. It was not neglect. I was well cared for.
Re Question 30 -> The only reason for the high rating of "8" is due to the excellent doctor who I finally saw after a six hour wait with periods of high pain.
Received excellent care and was very happy with my dealings with all people in emerg and CT and xray Great job
Received good care. Diagnosed me quickly and advised me to resume meds I had not taken for over a month because of another health issue. They were right!
Received the care required with curtesy from the ER staff.
Regarding the questions re:the doctor ... I did not stay to see a doctor. During my wait, my symptoms subsided and I felt well enough to go home.
Registered about 5:10 PM - told them I had chest problems. About 15-20 minutes later - took information said my blood pressure was really high. I did not see a nurse for a cardiogram until after 8:00 PM. Some blood work as well , seen a doctor later than this. At this time I had no symptoms. The doctor could not see a problem. I went to the washroom then I came home. The phone was ringing when I came through the door. It was the hospital I had to go back to the hospital for more blood work. New doctor was on call at this time. I told him I was afraid of having a stroke. He made arrangement for me to see an internist. So I had to pay parking of $9.75 again. I didn't get home until after 1:00 AM. I am 10 min from the hospital.
Results were inconclusive and somewhat unlikely - it was also incorrect + treatment made issue worse Went back 4 days later - increased swelling again - no reassess - went to XXXXXXXX to get correct treatment
Satisfied with the care
See comments throughout, the doctor did not inform me that she was going to tell the min of transport regarding my seizure episode. It was a simple matter of me not taking my medication. Once I went back on my meds, things went back to normal right away. I did not have to have my license suspended. She could have told the MTO that I was now back on my meds and that things were now back to normal. A big overreaction by everyone.
Seems like a great amount of time to actually get help. It varies but you can count on a least 6+ hours of visit time. I know that at triage we can sometimes go to another area for help but this just loads that area up. I does however free beds on ER for people so I guess it is a step in the right direction as long as triage gets it right in diagnosing your problem.
Service this visit had improved greatly over previous few years! Thanks kindly!!
Service was great it just took a little too long in getting it. I was in a lot of pain due to the burn. Once it was treated (frozen) and made numb I could handle the pain as it went away and I was fine. Time healed the burn with no lasting effect.
Service was great. Keep up the good work!
Short staffed, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX "NEEDS' updating badly, holes in walls, peeling paint, the place is really un-attractive + quite (unreadable). XXXXXXXXX really needs another hospital Competition works wonders!
Shortly after we left the nurse practitioner that we had seen called and asked us to come back for another X-ray as she said she was thinking about the X-ray and just wanted to be absolutely certain it was what we had thought the problem was. Her care, thoroughness and compassion was greatly appreciated!
Should have more doctors available in this department. Sometimes (it has occurred) only 1 doctor available
Should not have to wait more then two hours to be process when your in pain. There should be more then one doctor in the ER Department plus there should not be patients lined up in hall ways in the ER. I feel this is inhuman. XXXXXXXXXX
Should not take 14 hrs to receive a blood transfusion
SHOULD ONLY BE ONE FRIEND OR FAMILY WITH PATIENT.
Some of the questions did not directly pertain my experience as I have had to be hospitalized 3 times for hyperemesis (HG) for pregnancy, not an injury or illness were the cause is unknown.
Speedy service due to admittance by ambulance.
Spent 5 hours in the hallway. Not ideal for a respiratory emergency, also was not given any meds while at the Hospital but given a Rx to fill our afterwards. Increasing the wait for relief.
Staff seemed to be doing the best they could in trying circumstances. Thank you
Staff were very helpful and courteous. I was totally satisfied with my visit excluding the inevitable waiting period.
Staff were wonderful! Hospital facility is old, shabby & dirty
Survey does not include designation of an individual with a developmental disability or sensitivity to the needs of such an individual. The time that was taken between scan to determine if there was an internal bleed on the brain and the doctor communicating the results (no bleed) was close to 5 hours.
Takes to long 11 hours doctors and staff are great but it would be nice to get a glass of water or maybe a pillow I found everyone was keep very busy
Terrible XX yr old with a head injury & high BP was not looked at or assessed No neuro vitals done Waited 4 hours for a passing nurse to say only one dr on now you will be here 12 hrs+ They will just send you home.
Tests were immediate but have to sit 4 extra hrs to see the dr for results that took 2 minutes. Seven hrs is a long wait.
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you Dr. XXXXXX and RN XXXXX and the CT technician for providing respectful and efficient health care.
Thank you for all that you do! :)
Thank you for being there.
Thank you for taking the time in being thorough to mitigate the potential acutely serious health symptoms that I was experiencing. Your Emergency's departments staff level of courtesy and professionalism were exceptional.
Thank you for taking the time to email me twice with respect to this survey however, please be informed that I have not ever visited the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Please therefore delete my email address from your database. Thanks again
Thank you for the care you give.
Thank you for the help
Thank you for your care on behalf of my daughter. XXXXXXXXXXX
Thank you to all heath care providers who do a very difficult job, and give care to people who do not even care for themselves. I waited a really long time to get test results and to finally be seen by an available doctor, but I'm still grateful. Thank you.
Thank you very much for being on top of things with me during my scary ordeal and taking very good care of me.
Thank you very much! Very much appreciated!
Thank you!
Thank you! All staff were courteous & professional - including ambulance staff
Thanks
Thanks for the great service - help XXXXX
Thanks to Dr. XXXXXXX for the great care to my son!
Thanks to the technician that did my ultra sound because she found a tumor on my kidney that is cancer and has to be removed. She was checking my gall bladder I am not always pleased with some treatment of patience there but in this case I was
Thanks.
Thank-you!
That some of the nurses in the triage area would be a somewhat friendly, I know it's a very high demanding job, but they should smile and be a little more friendly. Most of the nurses there show a lot of compassion, but the one that I had at triage wasn't very kind or friendly at all. Not someone you would want as a caregiver.
The attending nurses were very rude, I understand the pressure of the COVID 19 out break but that doesn't they need to be rude to patients seeking medical care.
The biggest issue I had was how long it took to address the pain and get support for it.
The care exceeded my expectation. Tests were done that uncovered issues I did not know I had. Please note * my time there was longer than expected however it was busy + test they were doing etc took time so - no complaint
The care I received at the emergency dept was fantastic, professional and efficient. I was medicated right away and was comfortable within an hour. Thank you for the excellent care.
The care I received at the hospital was good. The wait was 1 hour which I thought was ok. The staff was friendly and helpful and were very professional. I think this is a good hospital E.R. with good staff.
The care I received started with two extremely kind paramedics in the ambulance. The started tests for a heart attack, and advised me of the results they were getting. They were calm and capable and I soon calmed down. I did not speak directly to the Triage nurse, but the paramedics exchanged info with her. I was admitted into a large room with about five other people. Everyone was curtained for privacy. The nurse was there immediately hooking me up to a blood pressure cuff and an oxygen meter on my finger. A phlebotomist took blood. I could describe it all to you, but basically I received the best possible care, including an X-ray, and at least two visits from the attending physician. I was last in the hospital in XXXX, with a shattered ankle. The care presented is at least as good (which was marvellous), and I can truthfully say that your entire team deserves a huge pat on the back and everyone's gratitude for the skills, kindness and patience. THANK YOU!!
The care I received was awesome from the moment I entered the Emergency Department until I was going home. The nurses did a great job and the doctor was awesome. Thanks for the great service and keep up the great work especially under these crazy pandemic conditions. Thanks XXXXXXXXXXXXX
The care I received was very much appreciated by myself and my husband. I wish that circumstances allowed for more doctors and nurses so that emergency room waits were shorter, but under the circumstances, I felt I was fairly and well cared for. Thank you.
The care was good Waiting room was dirty. Do nurses have to wear bright nail varnish and jewelry. Not professional for a health facility
The care was wonderful The wait time for a simple test result was horrendous!!!
The chair in the emergency department are very dirty and duct taped
The cleaning in the hospital was very impressive especially with COVID.
The day I went the Emergency Department was extremely busy. I understood why it took them longer to access me. I had stabilized and was not showing symptoms at the time. When the nursing staff were able to talk to me they were very professional. I had also been there a few days prior to this I was a walk in patient. I was looked at almost immediately. I have great confidence in the doctors , nurses, and staff at the XXX. The reason for no doctor appointment is due to Covid 19
The diagnosis was wrong - the doctor said my toe was not broken. Turns out it is broken, dislocated and the bone is chipped at the bend. So obviously he didn't know how to read the X-ray.
The doc did a very good job stitching up my forehead, scar will be limited and healed quickly.
The doctor & nurses were great, but the wait time was too long
The doctor and all staff were great! I had gone in for a bad cut on finger from a knife fight with an onion. (the onion totally kicked my butt) 4 stitches later took about 1.5 hours total/was pleasantly surprised because they seemed very busy.
The doctor barely even looked us over. Just diagnosed us based on symptoms. Said it was a regular viral respiratory infection. We just got back from a vacation and became extremely ill. T his was early XXXXXXXX while Covid 19 was going around.
The doctor dismissed my diagnosis of cavernoma and brain bleed that I received from another doctor and said I was suffering from stress and anxiety .. despite having the mri results in front of him. Did not help me with my issue and instead made it seem like I was not having a big health issue.
The doctor during this visit was one of the best I've had. I was scared because I was having unusual symptoms and he took the time to explain what was happening and answer my questions. It was reassuring that I did not feel like he was just rushing to get to the next person and he cared to help me understand. I was very thankful. I have very bad anxiety and think symptoms become worse because of the anxiety. He assuaged my anxiety and I've had no issues since my visit. I've had times where I continue to worry after a doctors appointment because they were so rushed I worried the doctor missed something. It is scary going to the hospital and this doctor made that much easier for me. Thank you.
The doctor I saw was excellent. I could tell from his interactions with me and from what I saw of him with others he cares very much for his patients and the other staff at the hospital.
The doctor I saw was very caring and did everything he could to reduce my pain.
The doctor in my opinion was very rude and not caring. I will not go back to the XXXXXXXX
The doctor literally forgot I was waiting. Two weeks later I am still in excruciating pain but I don't have time to take off work and go to a doctor. I was hit by a car and my entire lower leg was swollen including my foot. He didn't even ask me to take off my sock, nor did he order an X-ray of my foot. I was given Ibuprofen for pain and told 'oh, well, you can walk' when I asked if I should be using a brace or something to support my leg. I suspect I have a fractured metatarsal but I guess we'll never know. I am still in so much pain I can't sleep more than 3-4 hours. I have a fairly high pain tolerance so I wasn't crying or carrying on in the ER, but maybe I would have gotten reasonable care if I'd put on a bit of a show.
The doctor never saw me and after almost 12 hours I was transferred to the walk in clinic in the hospital.
The doctor set an appointment for my problem to be taken care of and was resolved within 2 days Very impressed!
The doctor that spoke with me was absolutely amazing.. i cant stress that enough. But in the end the doctor he consulted with prescribed me meds I was already on and assumed my heart pain was heart burn, even though I have heart issues and a cardiologist and was already on Pantroprazole. Not the first time the main ER doc was careless/assumptive and invalidating.
The doctor that took care of me was excellent. He took the time to explain everything to me about why I was there. Before I left the hospital he had made phone calls and 4 referrals to other health facilities to make sure I was going to be taken care of. I believe his name was Dr. XXXXXXX. Thank you.
The doctor told me that her goal was to 'get me home'. I thought the goal was to try and figure out why I was there and help me. She was more concerned about getting rid of me than finding out what was wrong. I am not a person who goes to the hospital or Doctor, for that matter, unless absolutely necessary. I was very upset that they couldn't tell me why I was in so much pain. When I asked the Dr what I should take for the pain she said 'tylenol'. Don't you think I would have already tried that before coming to the hospital? All I wanted was for someone to tell me what was wrong with me and help me. All I heard was that she 'couldn't fix it in a day'. Whatever IT was.
The doctor was excellent
The doctor was very helpful and was very caring, which made me feel very comfortable talking to him
The doctor was very knowledgeable, when I went to follow up to a ear nose doctor he said Dr XXXXXX did as good a job on my ear as he could.
The doctor was wonderful and prescribed medications that took away all my symptoms
The doctor who saw me wrote a prescription and was to call me to let me know if I should fill it - no one ever called (when I saw my doctor 10 days later he checked the hospital website and found my test results indicated that I didn't need the prescription).
The doctor who treated me was phenomenal and referred me to a specialist for the issues I was experiencing.
The doctor who treated our son we believe her name is Dr. XXXXXXXX was especially helpful and attentive. She even phoned over home twice in a week follow our visit to check on his own health!!
The doctors & nurses were very friendly and helpful. They were able to give me a prescription that got rid of my infection & gave me advice on how to avoid getting the infection again. Wonderful staff!
The doctors and nurses were amazing
The doctor's assistant was very good
The doctors I saw was amazing. He even followed up after my echo, and made sure my heart monitor was being scheduled. He was very reassuring and explained everything as best he could. I have been struggling to get in to see my family doctor, and have had bad experiences with him just prescribing medicine instead of finding out what's wrong, so this experience was great. I felt listened too, I felt cared for, I felt like My health actually mattered.
The doctors that examined my XXXXXXX old son were amazing. The first doctor did a head to toe exam and explained everything she was doing as she was going. I left feeling that he was fully looked at and I was confident that he was going to be okay and nothing was wrong. Prior to getting into the exam room I was a bit anxious having my young child their in the hospital during the beginnings of the Covid-19 outbreak. I mentioned my concerns to a nurse at the second waiting room and she was very understanding and allowed me to take my son to another area with less people( the IV treatment area). This eased my mind significantly knowing I wasn't having to wait in an area with possibly infected people who could have been there waiting to see a doctor. Overall I was very pleased with the visit and all the doctors and nurses.
The doctors who cared for me were excellent. They ensured that they looked in to all possible reasons for my issue and the one doctor called me the day after to follow up, which impressed me as it made me feel cared about and that my health care was important. Excellent experience overall.
The Dr called me to explain the next steps twice on the day of my visit. Following blood tests and consulting other specialists I received a plan the same day ... what pain meds to take and who was calling to follow up. Very detailed and quick response to my situation.
The dr was great. He ran lots of tests to make sure of a proper diagnose.
The dr was not specific about what was wrong with me. He never discussed my chest xrays with me. He was guessing that it might be asthma, but bot sure which one & just put asthma with a ? I don't feel he was very competent in dealing with my health issue at the time
The Emergency Department at XXX works very hard to give their patients the care they need.
The emergency department didn't seem to happy that I was there, even though I was sent there by a walk in clinic. I didn't appreciate receiving two lectures from two different people
The Emergency department functioned the best that I've seen in years. Doctors and nurses were very professional, caring and I received everything I needed quickly. I truly hope this is the way they will continue to operate in the future.
The emergency department is very busy and work load is very heavy.
The Emergency Department is very busy, extra Doctors would be very helpful.
The emergency department seems to run as efficiently as possible given the outdated building it finds itself in
The Emergency Department was so overcrowded! Hallways are lined with supplies, patients who are waiting, wheelchairs, beds - all filled with patients There was NO room for a nurse to squeeze by 2 persons chairs, so she stepped between them, over the wheel Accidents waiting to happen.
The Emergency Department was very concerned with taking my temperature etc during this pandemic of Covid and I was pleased with the care upon entering the doors of emergency. It was very clean and everyone wearing mask and gloves etc. I felt very at ease with my treatments and courteous and caring staff. Thank you for all the doctors , nurses and staff for keeping everyone safe.
The emergency dept. is extremely overcrowded. I spent my entire visit in a hallway being cared for with everyone else who was in the hall privy to my situation/problem as I was aware of theirs. The entire time there were stretchers being manipulated past you in much too little space. Also note I was there from 2 a.m. to 2 p.m. and when I originally arrived, it was not even busy (checked online before going). Only 3 people there.
The Emergency physician referred my daughter XXXXX to the on call pediatrician who first noticed the low sodium which ultimately led to her following up with another pediatrician at the XXX three days later, which led to her being transferred to XXXXXXXX and from there she received her diagnosis of a rare autoimmune disease and is doing very well now. I am very grateful for the care XXXXX received, however overall from a paediatric point of view it was a terrible experience. There was not enough nursing staff from the moment she was brought back to the cardiac/critical care section. A life labs nurse came first who was unable to get her bloodwork on her own so as the parent I had to assist her by pushing the vials into place to collect the blood. This took two tries and she told me that another nurse would be in to put in her I.V. I couldn't believe that she was going to be poked three times unnecessarily. The I.V. should have been put in first and the bloodwork taken from the I.V. From there the nursing staff seemed to be very overwhelmed and understaffed. There was a very kind janitor who was smiling and trying to help patients and families be at ease. The radiologist technician was super kind and relatable which was awesome. However, after the ultrasound came back clear XXXXX was transferred to the hallway to wait for the pediatrician I asked that she not be moved but I was told there was no other option and her space was needed now by someone more critical than she was. There was no privacy and she was left extremely vulnerable in a hospital gown on a bed with an IV in for all to see. Ambulances were coming and going and she was a scared XX year old girl. When the pediatrician came everyone in the hallway was able to hear what was being said and after that I vowed I would try my best to never bring my children here again. She had to change in a disgusting bathroom and walk to the washroom in a gown with grown men and women all around. The staff overall were adequate as unless we asked for something no one offered anything and most walked by as if we didn't exist. The pediatrician helped by making sure sure she was followed up with, but the process is so broken. A XX year old girl should never be left that vulnerable in a hallway with someone at her feet and someone at her head, and others all around with no privacy. If a classmate had broken their arm, or required stitches and came to the hospital they would have heard everything going on with XXXXX and would have been perhaps sitting on a chair not far away from her. This hospital does not adequately suit the needs of our community. I am looking forward for changes to come.
The emergency room needs a make over badly.
The emergency room was very busy with many different health care needs The nurses and doctors were all working very hard. I feel that I received very good care
The emergency was very busy the nurse & doctor was very caring & cheerful. I was very pleased with my care.
The entire staff is very professional, courteous, kind and understanding and all around excellent
The ER doctor was excellent!! My problems was ongoing and the doctor wrote letters to my GP, the neurologist, and health assessment for our area, which greatly helped in getting the neurosurgeon to reassess his prior decision of my health needs We are thankful to this doctor!!
The ER team was very patient and understanding, and listened to me and, most importantly, believed me when I described the unusual symptoms I was experiencing. I appreciate that the ER Doctor took the time to consult with the neurologist on call. I was even in for an MRI during the same visit! I have yet to hear back from the neurologist's office about a follow-up appointment, but I suspect that will just take time. I was extremely worried about what was happening to my body, and I appreciate the nurses' and doctors' patience and understanding. Thank you.
The excellent care in this visit stands in stark contrast to the visit XXXXXXXXXX when I received synchronized cardio version without proper sedation and a nurse, who said she had never done it before, 'pushed the button'. I have had 14 visits to XXXXXX with A-fib since XXXXXXXXX. The visit XXXXXXXXXX is the only time that the the treatment itself was highly questionable and the doctor seemed less than prepared for the task.
The first Dr. that was on call did not even take the time to come and see me. When I told the nurse my symptoms and allergies and the usual course of treatment he refused to treat me. I had to wait 7 hours until the next Dr. came on to receive treatment other then an IV. I was in a great deal of pain, vomiting and had severe diarrhea and dehydration. The Dr. had walked by me several times and would not take the time to see me, he saw several other patients that came in after me, treated them and sent them home. This was very upsetting. I was told after I had blood work done that I had the Norwalk virus and from all the vomiting it also resulted in a severe migraine which is something I suffer from on a regular basis. This made everything worse. The nurses showed compassion the Dr. did not. This was XXXX XXXXXXX between 10pm-5am.
The first lady I talked to was very rude, she was the check in lady.
The first nurse I had was kind & considerate At shift change, the new nurse was a bear - other health care workers were talking about her & she was nasty to other patients in the ward where I was The doctor I had cleared me of any "major" concerns, but I left with no idea of what was causing my symptoms or what to do I contacted my family doctor the next day.
The follow up call from the Dr. saving me another visit to the hospital was very thoughtful, thorough and much appreciated.
The front desk reception was not as focused on the questions they asked as I thought they should be one staff member was not very kind acted as if it was a job and not terribly concerned.
The garbage in the vending machines are shocking and inexcusable!
The hallways were packed with gurneys and I knew that treatment would not be swift. I was having pains like labour only non stop. I could not sit I was checked for a heart attack but they did nothing for the pain. I had to stand walk and lean while I tried to ease the pain by panting. I kept getting up from the gurney to lean on a large chair. A nurse came out and told me not to keep moving and leaning on the chair because they would have to keep cleaning it. No one was in the chair. A doc came and eventually gave me some pills to help with the stomach. After many tests, they put the pain down to a possible bad case of acid reflux. I understand they were busy and I'm glad the tests were done but the wait was long the meds would have been appreciated sooner and the nurse could have just given me a Lysol wipe if she was that worried about the chair.
The health care providers. Dr's. Nurse. Staff. Security we're all great and fast professional. But visiting the most vulnerable older patients is to easy. Can infect the entire department with covid 19 vires. I visited many times some one in my family. It is a policy not the staff the problem. Needs to be lot more restrictive!
The improvement made to the ER is wonderful. I think you could have one person take information and also give information bracelet.
The initial wait for the person to come to the window was an unacceptably long period of time, this person was also was what I would consider to be rude and abrupt, not willing to hear the symptoms or needs. The ER was not busy and she was definitely not busy as she was having personal conversations with other employees and the wait to see the Triage nurse was also too long. The Emergency room and Ambulance bay were not busy. When I went to the treating doctor the nurse there and doctor were very professional and did a good job
The intake nurse was rather rude and abrupt the same with the admissions clerk.
The lady who took my covid test, I presumed to be a doctor was an amazing individual. She was so sweet, caring, and understanding. I would suggest a raise for this lady as I could tell she has a ton of patients with people! She definitely has a mothering instinct and I thank her for being herself. It is obvious this woman takes pride in her job, while protecting herself and others during these unfortunate times! Best wishes and stay safe!
The length of time before one sees a doctor, there should be more than one doctor on duty
The main problem for me is that I was not told about follow up appointment which had been made for me with Dr. XXXXXX in the fracture clinic. I missed that appointment due to the fact that I was not told about it and it was 3 weeks after my injury that I saw Dr XXXXXX because i kept calling our family dr who told me he understood I had an appointment with the fracture clinic and after calling there I was given Dr. XXXXXXXX office number to set up follow up.
The male nurse got a warm flannel blanket to wrap around me and got me in a wheelchair to await my ride home so I didn't have to use crutches. Very caring and thoughtful! And much appreciated.
The medicine prescribed was unavailable throughout the entire city. All dispensaries knew. Create a drug database which is available to used by doctors & shared/updated by participating pharmacies.
The new processes you have in the Emergency room are a huge improvement. Blood test were done immediately, consultation with doctor had all information with him during our discussions. Great improvement. Thank you.
The new system of sending a patient to a different area is good, however, not very organized. The initial receptionist in emerg, was very curt. I sometimes feel it is useless to complain because you are either ignored, made to wait longer, or brushed off.
The nurse and doctors are amazing but overworked and too few. We need more doctors and nurses as the wait was way too long!
The nurse at the Front Desk was excellent. She was the help I needed, not a dr. in site. I was there for two hours before the nurse got the go ahead from the dr. to give me a shot to relieve the pain in my head, back & neck. It was a five hour wait to see dr. There was one other person in the waiting room and no ambulances, but seems to be the norm on a weekend, there is never enough staff in emerg. This I know after many many visits made with my elderly father. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is too small for the growing population it services. Next time if possible I will drive to XXXXXXXX if an emergency room visit is warranted and I can make the 45 minute journey. Anything is better than XXX.
The nurse spoke to me one time when I first arrived and basically ignored me the entire time. I was in a c collar and in pain from whiplash, needed to use the washroom and couldn't get off the stretcher. She was rude when I finally got myself off the stretcher to go to the washroom and rude when I asked if I could leave. There was no communication whatsoever. She didn't even tell me her name or ask me if I needed anything. Dr XXXXXX was great I had zero issues with him. The ESA spoke to me more than the nurse did. Overall I was disappointed in how I was treated by this nurse. It really left a bad taste in my mouth how people in a vulnerable state are treated sometimes.
The nurse was very attentive, and even obliged my request to re-check my BP before I left. The doctor, while not unpleasant, was rushed. Unless I heard wrong, he said I had broken 2 metatarsals, when in actuality, it was my navicular bone. Not that that changed the course of treatment.
The nurses & doctor were courteous, helpful, & were very professional.
The nurses & doctors need more help too many beds in the halls Some changes need to be made. Over whelming to everyone.
The nurses and care received at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was excellent! Thank you very much.
The nurses and doctor took a lot of care to monitor my blood pressure and heart rate during my visit because they were both very high. I was there for a possible broken rib and dealing with a lot of pain. Everyone in the see and treat area were fantastic.
The nurses and doctor who treated me were incredible!! Amazing care and incredibly friendly and professional.
The nurses and doctors are always so polite and willing to answer questions - never making you feel like your being pushed through. Love the care we get here every time we need it.
The nurses and doctors seem overwhelmed and the ER seems to be under staffed. I know my visit would have been shorter if there was more staff. I was suffering from what we think was kidney stone pain. The amount of time from when the CAT scan was completed until the dr. was able to talk to me about the results was well over 2-3 hours. This was because the doctor was very busy. Hallway care also sucks. But at lease I was being attended to.
The nurses and doctors treated our family with care, understanding, and respectfully listened to our health concerns regarding our son. They explained all of their processes and accepted our input (where applicable). Everyone we met/talked to was very professional and made us feel very comfortable with the high level of care we received.
The nurses and doctors were fantastic. However, when I arrived there was only 1 person ahead of me. but as I waited 45 minutes to get my chart made after being triaged the nursing staff asked me 3 times if i had a chart yet. Implying they had space to care for me quickly. BUT because I waited for long the waiting room got back up with 5-10 patients and my wait period went from minutes to hours. I totally understand that more urgent cases need to be handled first and 100% agree that is how it should happen. BUT when the nursing staff is trying there best to get me in and out as fast as they can but the administrative staff is prioritizing billing paperwork over maintaining quick and timely care for patients then i start to get frustrated - especially in a situation of increased risk to COVID in a hospital setting vs being at home. It tells me the systems priority is getting paid, not serving patients. The doctor and two nurses I interacted with during my visit were FANTASTIC. they did a great job.
The nurses and doctors were professional and clearly doing the best they can. The physical environment of the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was unsettling; filthy, stained sheets for patients to lie upon. I understand that the turn over of patient care is high ... however I do believe there should be a high quality of standard to ensure patients and staff feel safe.
The Nurses and the Doctor were very caring and helpful as my issue was not health related but a plugged hearing issue and they treated me with care and the doctor took the time to make sure he got all the wax cleared and it was great to hear again.
The nurses and triage at XXX are wonderful. Quick and professional. I left the ER before a diagnosis as the wait to see a dr (over 6 hours) was just too long. This has happened in previous visits to the ER. So some consideration should be put into scheduling more Drs because it's certainly not the Dr's fault they are understaffed. When I followed up with my own Dr I had pancreatitis which could have been diagnosed in the ER as the reason for my crippling stomach pain. I appreciate the help but worry that someone could fall terribly ill waiting on a diagnosis due to staffing.
The nurses in the emergency department were rude and not fully educated.
The nurses in the room I was in were great. Only wished the room had more distance between myself and others.
The nurses there are friendly, respectful, informative and gave me the aftercare information I needed. They were also funny and willing to joke around. I trust the nurses to give me information I need and I'm not hesitant to ask questions. I definitely did not feel that way about the doctor who stitched me up.
The nurses were absolutely amazing and professional, caring and kind. The doctor told me I was too fat for an ultrasound and that I just needed to lose weight and do stretches. He felt my issue was not medical. One week later I had an ultrasound initiated by my family doctor that resulted in showing clearly that I have kidney stones. The ER doctor was clearly not willing to listen to my issues or discuss anything with me to get me help for the pain I was in. I was never more humiliated leaving the hospital in my life and I will never allow that doctor to see me or any family member ever again.
The nurses were excellent, and so were the paramedics. The doctor was dismissive & disinterested - terrible. If I hadn't tried to engage him he wouldn't have said a word.
The nurses were great in the hospital.
The nurses were great. After over an hour, I never did get to see a doctor.
The nursing staff did not clean the dried blood from my chest wall and placed a poorly adhering bandage to the area
The only concern, there was no attendant to receive us when it came to get the MRI done, we took it upon ourselves to call a receptionist to meet us to have the scan completed overall - great job Thank you
The only problem that I had was it seemed to take a long time for the doctor to come and speak to me - whether it was about a test that he wanted done or about the results of the tests that he had done
The only reason I wasn't informed about the pain medication oxycocet is because I had this same medication after hip and shoulder surgeries.
The only way that I think my experience could have been improved would have been to have my pain handled a little faster. I had to wait approximately two hours for the nurse to put in an intervenous line with pain medication
The other clinic I was sent to really left a bad taste in my mouth, the XXXXXX was amazing just recommended sending people else where for follow ups.
The overall care at the clinic was great, but I have two concerns. I am a former XXXXXXXXX and have an ongoing issue with the cleanliness of the SP02 and blood pressure equipment after the triage nurse uses it on each person coming through the clinic. Not once in any visit to any clinic at any time have I witnessed either of these things being disinfected! Every person is putting their ungloved finger in that equipment! Perhaps the reason COVID is spreading throughout the healthcare facilities. As a XXXXX cleaning this equipment was crucial to my well being and the patients. Do your own lab tests on these pieces and see what bacterias are lingering on them as they are being used over and over again and never cleaned. I was also a victim of equipment not being sterilized properly during a surgery that left me with sepsis so I am well aware of what can happen in these cases. Also, I was the only person this day in the clinic and waited far to long to see a doctor considering, my opinion. Nurses and doctor were very nice no complaints there. Hope this helps!
The overall experience was better than a few months ago! The only complaint I have is with the follow up my daughter had with the pediatrician on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXX was prescribed an increase of dosage for her Flavent and Ventilin (inhalers) and a steroid. When I went to the pharmacy to fulfill the prescription, it was not for my daughter! The name on the paper was for some other boy! I now have to call my dr who is on vacation - its XXXXXXXXXXXXX. That left me a very sour taste in my mouth for a pediatrician to make a mistake like that was she even looking at my daughter's charts? I would like a follow up on this please! My email is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX or cell XXXXXXXXXXXX X
The paramedics were great The nurses were great, even though they were run off their feet after 4 hours and being told that it would be 2-3 more hours before I could see a doctor I left
The paramedics were obligated to remain with me at hospital until transfer of care was completed, which occurred hours after our initial arrival at the ER Dept. Of course the transfer of care protocol/policy applies to all incoming patients transported, and subsequently registered, by EMS; the result of which is a dysfunctional ER department. The waiting areas and corridors of the ER department were congested to the point of being unsafe, for paramedics, patients, facilities personnel, nurses, doctors, technicians, volunteers, administration personnel - for everyone! I assume, and please correct me if I am wrong, that the transfer of care policy is in place to ensure continuity of care for patients without burdening an already overwhelmed ER team working within the confines of a 'too small' ER department bursting at the seams. I'm just a patient lacking knowledge and understanding of what it takes to run a hospital, EMS, etc ... no doubt it is a red tape nightmare!! Sadly, the emergency department at XXX is also a nightmare.
The PCS disinfectant that you use for cleaning and disinfecting high contact/touch surfaces is not a broad spectrum disinfectant. Your housekeeping staff are not using this product according to MIFU's rendering it ineffective, hence why nosocomial infections are on the rise.
The people in the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX deserve our respect and admiration for the hard work that do every day. Thank you all from the bottom of my heart.
The person in registration had an attitude when I told her that I did not know my family doctor name because I see a nurse practitioner. She asked if I was given a card and when I said no, she seemed irritated.
The police should have a separate intake area than people being brought in by ambulance. I had great drivers but at one point we all felt uncomfortable with the guy sitting on the floor smashing his head against the wall. All other experience was great.
The procedure from checking in to doing the tests taken was handled very professional. The waiting for results and consultation with Doctor was very tiring. Ex left on stretcher for long period of time in the hallway with no dialogue at all. I would like to thank the department for looking after me. Thanks.
The purpose was an appointment with a hospitalist in preparation for an operation
The reason was for mental illness. My family is really pleased with the compassionate and quick response to finding me help. Very impressed with this aspect of the system.
The receptionists at emerg I found to be not very friendly (Triage nurse)
The registration clerk who questioned my coming to the emergency department, for this medical emergency, made me feel very uncomfortable. I needed to be seen by a dr and needed a Rx; I did not need to have my judgement questioned by someone with little or no medical knowledge.
The registration nurse was the only one out of the entire staff the night I was there, that wasn't overly friendly or helpful. I understand the nature of their job, but a little more compassion and a lightened mood will help go a long way for everyone involved.
The room could have been cleaner. I also heard a cleaning person complaining about the prior shift not cleaning up properly.
The same day my son had a broken finger and received the same superb service I did. Very efficient, friendly, and knowledgeable staff.
The second doctor to come on took way too long to say to me I could leave. Nothing new to report. Sat for 2 hours.
The security guard stationed at the entrance was rude and made me feel that I had to defend my personal reasons to be seen by a doctor.
The 'see & treat' exam rooms are not properly furnished for all patient care types. I was in so much pain and discomfort that I need to lay down. That is difficult on a exam table or the extremely uncomfortable wooden benches that were installed originally for the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Either a stretcher or lazy-boy type chair should be available to keep patients more comfortable particularly since diagnosis and treatment usually take hours. I had to sit on the stool and lay my head on the exam table to find any relief. This simple exacerbated my pain and discomfort that was already so unbearable. Proper furnishings should be a fund-raiser or priority on your capital equipment list since it can be just as important as small or heavy medical equipment.
The service and my overall experience of this facility was good, however I never received the results of the tonsil swab test that was done.
The service at XXXXXXXXXXX is far more congenial and feaster than at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX!
The service was excellent
The service was excellent and made me feel comfortable and at no time stressful
The shortcomings of the ER are caused by crowding & overworked staff.
The staff has treated me with respect and were very caring every single time I went to the ER. Despite the long wait, the care is excellent
The staff is generally good. The woman to was in charge of the initial greeting (took BP, etc) was not that polite. In fact it seemed that I was bothering her when I showed up. Other staff were very good.
The staff is very helpful.
The staff on duty the night I came in due to work place injury were absolutely amazing. I tend to try to be an upbeat person and the staff matched my personality which made the trip much more tolerable. I thank them for it!
The staff that was on that night were great. They were understaffed. It was a busy night for them.
The staff was amazing, the wait time was horrendous. I had an x-ray within the first 1.5h of waiting, but then had to wait all night (went to hospital at 9:30pm, x-ray around 11pm, didn't hear results of x-ray until 7am).
The staff was rude. Your department is filthy. We left and went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. We will never come back to XXXXXXXXX.
The staff was very polite and helpful.
The staff were amazing and very compassionate
The staff were great. I was seen in the See and Treat area by a physician assistant. She was amazing and so thorough. Took the time to check on my complex health history. Explained all the test results clearly. Made sure I had follow up care arranged and what follow up blood work I needed. The see and treat area is a great idea. Thank you to XXX
The staff were very caring, very friendly and polite.
The treatment that I needed (I had surgery which became infected!) I have had before, my surgeon treated me in his office, but was on holidays for 2 weeks. I had 3 Drs look at it but none of them would drain it. I had to wait until my surgeon came back and he did it in 5 mins and gave me antibiotics which the ER didn't do either. Not impressed at all
The triage at this hospital can be poor.
The triage nurse immediately cleaned and dressed my wound. The. I had to wait over an hour to see someone. The rest of the timeless waiting for xray and results. we were there 4 hours.
The triage nurse kicked/tripped on my leg (the leg that I hurt which is why I presented to the emergency department)
The triage nurse made a quick assessment that moved me to the unit immediately - The emergency Dr provided nitro to quickly alleviate chest pain - Nurses took blood, did X rays and provided ongoing feedback and results
The triage nurse should not diagnose the symptoms of the patient because she might be wrong and upset the patient.
The Triage nurse was great, so was the doctor on duty. Thank you for the great care. My observation on the patients in the waiting room didn't have to be there. I understand you have to look after everyone. Thank You
The triage nurse XXXXXXXX was very attentive and the other nurses worked very hard to get me into a bed quickly I felt like I was there #1 priority and had pain relieve fast Thank you
The triage nurses had an attitude but more importantly they just chatted with each other and drank coffee They had very little to keep them busy. You need fewer nurses and more MD's so the taxpayers (unreadable) are not wasted & waiting times are speeded up
The visit was ok, however I had an x-ray done ... inconclusive, so a ultrasound was going to be booked and they would let me know ... I received a call that the ultrasound could not be done until XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. So I still do not have any answers what is causing my pain - I was very disappointed in the dr who seen me as I was in the most pain I have ever had, and I can tolerate pain on a high level - my RMT had suggested that I try to get anti-inflammatory and muscle relaxants as I was so enflamed. The dr. would not give me any meds, only instructed me to take Tylenol as instructed on the bottle. This was awful! I spent the next week in terrible pain and walking the halls during the night from the pain. Thankfully another dr from our dr's clinic called about a week later, and prescribed the anti-inflammatory and relaxants. I'm not sure why I wasn't given anything for pain at hospital? I'm not sure why I did not get ultrasound while at the hospital as the x-ray was inconclusive? I do understand that with Covid-19 things are running at a different level, but the hospital was far from busy and when I went for X-ray there was only 1 other person there - not busy at all! I am still thankful for our dr's and nurses and emergency dept., however this visit will not be graded for high - mainly because the dr. I feel was unsympathetic to the pain I was in. I really didn't want to reply to this questionnaire. However this was the second one they sent me, so I thought I would be honest and fill in and send! Thanks
The visit was to Urgent Care (not Emerg) Some questions seemed ambiguous: eg. time to receiving 'care' is how the question is termed but did you mean time until someone did administrative intake? Time until care by a nurse was about 2 hrs. Time until registration -- about 15 min. I expect to have to wait at Urgent care / emerg but appreciate that we have these resources in our community. Staff were all professional, caring and seemed on top of things.
The wait for treatment was extremely long. The doctor was very nice when he did come to me. He was obviously very over worked. May I suggest that you have more doctors on duty.
The wait for x-ray/ultrasound was awful. We waited 3 hrs just for that, otherwise I would have been out in under 3 hrs.
The wait is far too long. I waited for 40 mins for an ambulance & several hours before I had an x-ray & a long wait to see a doctor. This is flexible for a person who is in extreme pain.
The wait time is crazy. I had to wait 4 1/2 hrs to be told I had an infection in my leg, given antibiotics
The wait time on the website was instrumental in my decision to go to XXX emerg. It was very accurate in both wait time and number of people waiting. All hospitals should have this.
The wait time to see a doctor was 3.5 hours on arrival. I saw a doctor 12 hours later. No nurse checked my vitals for over 8 hours, they didn't even check on me at all. I was told I was next at 7 hour mark. Then had to wait until new doctor came in morning. I could have bled to death if I didn't start complaining. Sitting in er chair all night! XXX is ridiculous.
The wait time to see a doctor was very long! There were no beds available so we had to wait in the ER room for the 1st available bed a couple hours.
The wait time to see the doctor is ridiculous, no one really checked on me or updated me on when I would see a doctor.
The wait time was horribly long, my issue and problem was not resolved and I was very specific of my problem but resolution or methods of solving issues ignored and other non-current or not the visited problem were taking up the time while the essential issue was ignored. Also I had to leave go back to my home and to fix issue in pain. Swollen. Annoyed and not covered on a diff (unreadable) by OW for a dental issue. Longest wait time as well as long intake process @ triage! Also wasn't informed of how to admit enter - nurses too busy chit-chatting with police & emg laughing etc.
The wait times are a little too long
The wait was to long getting my urine test back was what was taking so long Just to say I had a infection 9 hrs way to much for that but I'm alive Thank you
The waiting period was 3-6 hrs to be transported to a different section I got a bed and then was told to go and sit in a chair they had an ambulance pt coming in a I had had x-rays and was told by supervisor that was wrong I should be laying on my back. My bed I explained but she was angry and said you must have it back. You have a very large black bruise on you're left hip. Thank you for choosing me I was a XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and other positions for XX years am now - XX years old - My speciality was caring for the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and was proud to do so Thank you XXXXXXXXXXX
The waiting time needs to be cut back so you can get the care you need from the doctor and the nurses so you don't feel like you ar rush out with not getting the care you needed them people will not have to keep coming back I know people that would go out of town to other hospital to get the care they need
The whole experience was fast and efficient. The nurses and Dr went above and beyond with my care including following up with me for reassessment and referring me for further treatment and investigation (CT scan and plastic surgeon). Really impressed with the XXXXXX and all the staff it's a valuable asset to XXXXX
The xray tech and nurses were amazing at the XXXXXX! The doctor told me what I wanted to know (if my ankle was broken or not), what to do, did not prescribe anything just gave me a tensor bandage. I might have looked for more in regards to pain management and expectations.
The XXXXXX is an excellent facility providing much needed service in our small community XXXXXXXXXXXX.
The XXXXXX staff are always very friendly and helpful. They genuinely care about the health of patients.
The XXXXXXX is a great urgent care facility the staff is wonderful every time we have gone in for ear infections and are always so accommodating
The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is set up so well. It's very private from triage to assessment room. Nurses were excellent the doctor I saw was very good as well though he did not explain to me what could be causing my ailment. I had to ask to get strep and Covid testing otherwise it would not have been done.
The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX seemed to be much better organized and not so overwhelmed as the XXXXXXX's ER. My concern at attending was that I would have preferred to see my own doctor but he was unavailable AND we are in the midst of the COVID-19 precautions that only add to one's anxiety, especially since I am a senior citizen and in the high-risk group for this pandemic. Everyone seemed to be taking the right precautions for the pandemic but when one has to be where potential COVID-19 patients might be, then this anxiety only compounds the anxiety about the health concern one went to the urgent care centre to have addressed. Thanks!!!
The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is always my number one choice of a place to go when Urgent Care is needed. The people in that clinic are really first-rate.
The young female doctor didn't seem to know what I meant when I said my left leg gets really tired and she told me to see my family doctor even though I told her he wasn't going to be around for two weeks. It turns out after a week I went back in I have a clogged artery in my left leg.
There are not enough nurses or doctors that are available to get people through and checked out. I don't want to be mean or anything but you really need more staff.
There is nothing to share.
There isn't enough people working there
There needs to be better sanitizing and cleaning practices. My one nurse proceeded to put an IV in me with no gloves on. In addition, I had a massive infection in my back leg and I was being moved from chair to chair in a gown and no chairs were even wiped. This is especially scary during a pandemic and being immune compromised. There was blood on the IV chair I was told to sit in and I wiped it myself. Being a XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I really think prevention of infection and more sanitation protocols would up my mark to a 10. I also think bedside manner from many nurses could improve. I understand the frustrations but they are dealing with scared and hurting people who deserve some compassion even if they are having a bad day.
There needs to be more doctors assigned to the emergency dept. Patient/doctor ratio is atrocious!
There needs to be more than one doctor in the emergency department nightly. Having back spasms for close to 12 hours while waiting to get pain relief is ridiculous. The doctor and nurses are great but you need more of them.
There should be a triage department not ambulance attendants waiting there for many hours.
There should be more than one doctor on call.
There was a woman with mental health issues in the emergency room causing a lot of issues for the staff so I understand why the nurses were abrupt and had little time and patience. It was a rough day for them
There was no one doing triage when I arrived, and it was probably 20 minutes before I was looked at. Fortunately I was not critical, but to not even have someone in the chair I believe is poor optics.
There were many ambulances bringing patients in during this visit, so I knew and understand that I would have a longer wait.
There were some privacy issues with other patients that were too loud
These are not the correct questions to ask. You should be more concerned about why wait times are so long. What frustrates me is that I had a head injury. I would like to know why (please excuse my wording but I don't know how to say it politely) a low life drunk got cared for and stitched up way before me when I was there first. Too many people at the hospital that shouldn't be there. The poor nurses have to worry about patients that are causing a scene instead of looking after patients that actually need care. Obviously we need more hospitals and not less. The wait time is so ridiculous. I'm sorry to say it this way but too many low life's there taking up time that the nurses could be spending with people that actually need the help. I smashed my head open and I got 8 stitches. It was a very scary experience for me. I definitely don't think I should have waited almost 7 hours to get stitches. These questions are to concerned about politeness and how the doctors and nurses were. I feel for those people because it would be very hard to keep your composure dealing with some of these patients. There was 1 drunk guy there who kept pulling out his penis in front of everybody and the nurse had to tell him to put it back in his pants. They shouldn't have to deal with that. Also, I understand that with this covid you don't want unnecessary people in the hospital but like I said I was scared and although might sound funny to you I didn't know if I was going to die or what might happen to me and they wouldn't allow my husband to be with me. I was alone in the hospital for 8 hours not knowing what was going to happen to me. Bad experience
They are excellent they are just awesome
They are great
They are very caring and professional. Have taken a XX year old friend in later, he was treated the same way! Well done!!
They confirmed I was correct in coming to the emerg dept & I shouldn't hesitate again, should I experience similar pain/symptoms. They were reassuring.
They did a great job, all the best to them.
They didn't have time to do an echo - so they told me to follow up with my GP and get one done which I did I think it should have been done during my visit that day
They hard working angels
They have to pay the rent to the Mohawks of the six nations for using their land.
They left me lying in a hallway on a bed. No access to a bathroom. Luckily my husband was with me so could ask for assistance.
They need a physician assistant on to help out This would cut down on wait times Waiting 9 hours in the middle of the night while pregnant on with the flu is not fun. I think next time I'll drive 30 mins to XXXXXXXX in hopes for a quicker visit. The staff are great though! Just the waiting brings it down
They need more doctors at night there was o my one. He was fantastic took time with me made sure I was ok before I left and made me feel better. The nurses were amazing and helpful and considerate. I have to say I received the best care that night with something that was so unfortunate that happened to me.
They should have a PD dialysis machine.
They took care of me
They were all excellent.
They were all very also very efficient. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
This ER visit is the exception that proves the rule in my experience with BGH. This time I waited about 15-20 minutes to see triage and was then immediately seen by a doctor and was quickly sent to X-ray. Everything was efficiently done. Usually I have to wait around 45 minutes for anything to happen and then another 30-45 minutes between anything else happening if not forgotten about all together. Usually I am very unsatisfied with the wait and treatment by nurses and doctors. I have been talked down to more times than I can count. This time I was treated with respect and I was completely surprised. I do not recommend this hospital to anyone.
This hospital is very understaffed. Wait time for emerg is excessive. Although nursing staff are stressed their professionalism & dedication is remarkable.
This hospital needs comfortable wheelchairs to sit in for long periods of time. Walkers would help patients get around easier
This hospital should be closed It is awful. Staff is rude. Doctor's are rushed and don't listen, nurses pick favorite patients and ignore the rest.
This is a hallway medicine hospital. There were 8+ patients in the hall waiting for treatment, writhing in pain to waiting for x-rays. Not a bed in sight or privacy of any kind for the sick. The ambulance workers were having a tough time just navigating critically ill patients down the hall for testing. This costs time for the individual totally dependant on others for their life. Not acceptable. After 9 pm? 1 ER doctor to service all of XXXXXXXXXXXX - approx 120,000 people. Again, not acceptable. XXXXX is X months, and I am his primary care provider, and there was nowhere even to warm a bottle for an infant. Kids still have to eat, especially infants. There is nothing available for anyone to do so, and very little interest or offer to help from any nursing staff. You're asking the wrong questions in this survey. Two key questions Were you left in the hallway to wait endless hours? Did you have privacy discussing your medical issue? XXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXX is growing. They need to plan something now for a more long term strategy, because it's going to collapse very soon.
This is an excellent facility. The staff are intelligent and have a great bedside manner.
This survey does not properly represent my 4 visits to the emergency room. The nurses at the hospital were fantastic, some of the doctors on the other hand were the big issue. Please feel free to call me to discuss XXXXXXXXXXXX. Very upset with how I was treated by the last doctor to see me, lack of information on how to deal with and what to expect from my condition by all doctors. No specialist to see me because he couldn't be bother to come into the hospital, it was his last day apparently. I would NEVER come back or suggest this hospital with how I was treated at the end. On a positive note, the nursing staff was absolutely excellent, caring and sometimes more informative than the doctors. Even my family doctor was appalled by the response and treatment from the emergency doctors.
This survey is too long
This time it was a very good experience. Thank you.
THIS TIME IT WAS GREAT but I have had times that it sucks
This visit ended with a transfer to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. A nurse was provided for the transfer.
This visit i had was for my X year old daughter. And I will never return to the emergency department at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I was discussed and actually I ended of leaving due to the fact that they want me to sit in the room where you guy keep your inmates when they are brought to the hospital across from the emergency window. With my X year old daughter. When I walk in the room it was disgusting and I didn't believe I felt safe sitting in a room with my X year old daughter where you guys keep the inmates and junky that come there. There was more chances of her catching something in that room than anyone catching what she had in the normal waiting room. I was a very disgusted and very disappointed that my daughter was treated like that so I actually grab her health card and I left and went somewhere else.
this visit was a very disappointing visit. i got there around 2am and didn't even get into the emergency area. had to sit in triage because there were no doctors to look after anyone (at least that was the rumor going around the triage dept) i didn't get in to see someone until the day shift started!! so i was not happy!!
This visit was for my X yr old daughter. All staff were polite and did their jobs well. Unfortunately your wait times are horrible and really have not change in the last 8 years from when I resided in XXXXXXXXX.
This visit was not typical due to covid screening and we were exhibiting symptoms.
This visit was okay, no one so much as offered w/ me a glass of water and I was dehydrated. Other visits not as good, longer waits.
This visit was the shortest wait time I have ever had at this Emergency Dept - there was usually always an extremely long wait time + so would go elsewhere
This visit was to the urgent care. I was not able to get an appointment with family doctor for my injury.
This was a horrible experience Some doctors were very unkind. My dad was misdiagnosed a number of times which ultimately led to his death. If the blood infection was caught sooner, perhaps he could have fought it before it attacked his heart. The doctors disregarded his medical history. he was sent home 3 times. He was completely delirious and was sent home. He could barely walk or sit up and was till sent home A man who was completely independent 24 hours earlier. Lack of beds = people dying Somebody's husband, father, grandfather, brother, uncle, former teacher, friend. It is unacceptable Are your doctors capable of their jobs? I am writing this on behalf of my father who passed away XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
This was a quick, well managed visit with excellent care provided by all. Thank you!! It was greatly appreciated.
This was a very busy day and the nurses were under a lot of duress with so many patients. I was nervous because of being in the same room as others with only curtain separating us during Covid-19. What was happening to me was a brand new experience, nothing that had happened before and I sensed that my bipolar condition might be causing me to panic and that the staff was aware of that. I was treated with respect and the best they could do under the circumstances of being very busy. It was not a pleasant visit and I left feeling pretty sure that I had incited a panic attack on my own. This turned out not to be so as I am now seeing a heart specialist.
This was a very challenging time for me and my spouse. All of the medical staff we dealt with were amazing and comforting. The only complaint I would have are the wait times. I do know, however, that some of these were dependent on test results and also the volume of traffic in the ER and they cannot always be avoided.
This was my child who visited the Emergency Department. The answers are provided by me (her father) as I was the one who took her there and could answer these questions best based on the care she received while there.
This was my first visit to the emergency department in XXXXXXXXX, for a hip problem first visit XXXXXXXXXXXXX - I would have to visit the emergency department 2 more times for the same problem. Very disappointed in XXX.
This was my most favourable visit to the Emergency Department at XXX. I hope this is representative of the hospital in the future. Other times I had to wait longer than I find tolerable (more than 6-8 hours).
This was my worst visit ever to the XXXXX. I saw a Dr. XXX who was exceedingly rude and impatient with me. My problem was that I couldn't swallow and my pills and food got stuck in my throat and stayed there until they eventually dissolved. She said that because I wasn't drooling, being unable to swallow my saliva, that I wasn't an emergency candidate. When she was finished berating me, she gave me a sheet of paper with the names of specialists on it. She advised me to contact Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX for further care. No one even looked at my throat and I left just as miserable as I came to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on that day. As a matter of followup, Dr. XXXXXX has since dilated my throat twice in an effort to help me swallow, which has helped but has not returned to what I feel is normal. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
This was the best experience I had ever had at urgent care the doctor was truly amazing a were the other staff. Keep up the excellent work XXXXXX. Please share the comments with the staff that were working that day. Thank you.
This was the first time i visited the emergency dept. I was totally satisfied with the care I received and impressed with the overall cleanliness. I think people in general feel that Covid transmission occurs in hospital settings so they tend to stay away. My experience was positive, and I would not hesitate recommending XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to others.
Three and half years ago I had a very very bad experience in this emergency dept. I almost died so I was very anxious about going there however I had no choice. I was treated very well and with respect. My husband was just there this week and he too received good care,so I will be comfortable to go back again if need be.
Time to waiting to see physician took too long???
To be clear, I was offered something for pain while I waited, I declined due to fact that I had not eaten. Staff are always courteous and professional.
To long for care. Very uncomfortable. No privacy.
To long of a wait
To many people falling over one other. Disorganized confusion.
To my knowledge I dealt with nurses and a nurse practitioner who then spoke with the doctor regarding my care - if a doctor came to me it was at the very end but I had been very well taken care of.
To over-run Needs more help! They have old people in the halls, no beds available.
To who it may concern over the times I gone bye ambulance - why should have a long time to see a doctor? I'm XX years old I will be XX - XXXXXXXXX in (unreadable) more years if you wish to contact me - ok Phone XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX my friends call me super XXXX
Too long obtaining tests & results, as former industrial engineering technologist, utilization of time is very wasteful and costly and should be analyzed and improved thereby reducing costs.
Too long of a wait
Too long to get blood transfusion. Because the people have to much to look after
Too long wait
Too long wait time Not enough doctors & nurses
Too many patients too many workers not tending to patients Treating drunks and druggies before other patients.
Top notch care in XXX Emergency, particularly considering the underlying conditions present because of Covid-19.
Top Notch. Impressed with the care I received. Thank You!!!!!!
Totally misdiagnosed Told surgeon would call me and if not in two weeks, call the emerg depart to confirm. Did what was told to be patient. That was XXXXXXX after XXXXXXXXXXXXX ... still waiting for a surgeon to call. I have since received help from a different avenue.
Treated very well. Yes it took a fair amount of the day but it was time between tests and others who were more urgent
Triage needs to have a larger area and more space which I think causes the most delays.
Triage nurse seemed irritated as soon as we arrived. She was quite opinionated and came across very judgemental (she didn't like that we couldn't remember what time in the middle of the night we had given our daughter XXXXX tylenol and told us if we weren't treating the fever properly our daughter might have a seizure). The way she treated us made both my husband and I feel belittled, as if she thought we were bad parents.
Triage nurse was able to deal with my injury and I did not need to see a doctor or need further treatment
Tried to go to the walk in clinic first. Supposed to be open 1000- 1300. Tickets gone by 1030. Spoke with someone in reception who said I would have to go to ER. That person was not very understanding or pleasant. Disheartening to know you are headed for a 6 hour wait.
Ultrasound was requested wait time was 3 months. I had to source out from an independent clinic for a quicker appointment. As we needed prompt results to know what we were dealing with.
UNDER STAFFED
Under staffed for the amount of patients/emergency needs - XXXXXXXXX area "needs" another hospital However I must say with amount of emerg patients the staff remain calm/professional + god bless them - for being there!
Unfortunately, there are far too many residents using time and resources at the ER. If it's a case of not having a dr, are they actually putting their time into acquiring one? It was frustrating for me being there in such pain and hearing patients ask if they had time to go for a smoke and or go get something to eat.
Unit nurse XXXX was very effective and nurse XXXXXX was very kind and friendly. Doctor was gentle and quick with my stitches.
Upon arrival with chest pain and high bp ( and family history of heart disease), I was examined and told I had covid, a swab was done and I was sent home to self isolate. Test came back 3 days later as a negative. Six days later I was back with same symptoms and the next day I had a stent put in my heart with a 99% blockage.
Very busy as usual - took several hours to get info from tests or new news about staying or not.
Very busy that visit - had to wait for ultrasound and consult after - They also were able to schedule CT for me within 1 week as followup - Once diagnosis was determined, pain meds were given with explanation of side effects - released - all in all time lapse was reasonable
Very caring experience. I am very impressed with the attitudinal shift in how patients are treated. I was told to come back and receive the same treatment if the health concern reoccurs. I was listened too and my concerns were taken seriously. A far cry from the service I received 1 3/4 years ago. 1 3/4 years ago I would never have recommended attending the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX emergency department. Welcome changes! I now feel extremely confident that I would receive exemplary health care in the event I require any further emergencies. Being kind to those that are in need is the best treatment.
Very disappointed how long it took to receive care - Waiting in Emerg for over 4 hours with my XXX year old who had refused solid foods and had high fever for over 3 days - You would think this situation would get priority based on his age - He was crying in the waiting room I'm not the type to run to the doctor for any little thing - Seeing a dr took probably 5 minutes total - Extremely disappointed n care
Very disappointing - Poor quality doctors 3 - different & missed diagnosed problem 2 of them issued wrong meds One OD me on Lyrica. On one occasion spent 2 hrs in ambulance care & 3 hrs hallway are. The ER in XXXXXXXXXXXX is the worst I have been in XXXXXXXX & XXXXXXXXX and they are much better!
Very efficient & caring service, thank you
Very efficient emerg.
Very efficient, polite and effective
Very good
VERY GOOD CARE BUT WAS THERE IN EXCRUCIATING PAIN AND NOT SEEN FOR A LONG TIME AND WHEN I WAS AND WAS OFFERED AN ANALGESIC I DIDN'T FEEL THAT I NEEDED ONE ... HAD HERNIA REPAIR SHORTLY AFTER. HAD STAYED AT HOME FOR 4 - 5 HRS NOT WANTING TO GO TO THE ER BUT HAD TO GIVE IN TO THE PAIN AND THE CONCERN ABOUT A STRANGULATING HERNIA.
Very good care. Thank you.
Very good people helping people.
Very good, professional service. Everyone friendly and helpful.
Very happy with the care I received it was good and I was supposed to get a call back for a scope for my stomach but never heard back yet so other than that the visit at the hospital was good and the staff were very nice and respectful thank you
Very impressed + pleased with visit considering all the negative media. In, xray + out in 1 1/2 hr. Pneumonia.
Very impressed with Dr XXXXXX
Very impressed with Dr. XXXXX
Very impressed with the speed with which I was triaged and taken to an exam room. All staff were pleasant and attentive. I was fortunate also in that it was XXXXXXXXXXXXX morning and emerg wasn't very busy. The individual exam rooms are also very nice, rather than bays with curtains around them :)
Very interesting
Very knowledgeable and professional staff. I had a severe allergic reaction & was treated immediately. They were very compassionate & patient with me considering it triggered a panic attack. Congratulations on a great job during this Pandemic. Thank you all.
Very long waiting for blood result or doctor to explain result
Very nicely done....I was very well taken care of. Thanks for all the fine staff at XXX! XXXXXXX XXXXXXXX
Very pleased with the care received
Very pleased with the care that I received. Dr. 'XXXX' (Emerg. Doctor) was great -very respectful--- I felt that he was thorough and explained things very well. The nurse who looked after me was excellent also. One note, however --- I feel as though as a patient arriving at the triage desk that I was ignored until the nurse was finished with her intake. I understand that she cannot start a conversation with me but to not even look up and say 'I'll be with you shortly' make me feel as though she did not know that I was there. Awkward and confusing. The volunteers are great with assisting!
Very professional staff. Came in with an embarrassing and sensitive injury and staff maintained my privacy when asking for details and made me feel very comfortable during the exam.
Very professional. My nurse actually wheeled me out to the farthest point of the hospital property to make my walk to my vehicle as short as possible, therefore eliminating extra strain and pain. I feel she went over and above in my need for care. Please thank her for me once again. Thank you.
Very prompt diagnosis and follow-up care.
Very quite there, not busy at all nice fast service !
Very satisfied
Very satisfied ... I arrived 2.30 AM and departed 3.35 am
Very satisfied, would like to see doctors a little faster. You must understand that emergencies come first.
Very slow being triaged because of so many people in emergency dept.
Very upsetting to be left in the corridors in the ER for 2 days - before being admitted & getting a bed - far too much commotion & lights
Visit was fine.
Visit was for my infant daughter. All care received was spectacular!! All staff were kind and Doctor XXXXXXX was amazing...very intelligent and seemingly humble. I really liked him and his ability to reassure me that my daughter would be ok by referring to recent studies conducted. My only complaint would be that my daughters name was spelled incorrectly. Her name is XXXXXX not XXXXXXX. Not a big deal though. XXX staff were amazing XXXXXXXX ago when I gave birth to my daughter there, and they were amazing on this date as well when I brought her in for a (fortunately) non severe injury. It makes me feel better knowing the local health care team is there to help support worried parents rather than chastise them. It takes a village.. and I feel this is how we were treated on that day. Thank you!
Visited ER for UTI - could not wait to see family dr. as I was very very uncomfortable as soon as ER dr saw my results he came right out and gave me a Rx said I shouldn't have to wait any longer. That was very lucky for me to have had such an understanding dr. But, I think it's still to long of a wait for something that is not an emergency but is still quite a serious illness
Volunteers, Nurses, X-ray tech, and Doctor. All friendly and professional in what they do. Keep up the great work!!!
Wait time for treatment
Wait time in emergency far to long.
Wait time on site does not seem to be accurate to time. Chairs are very uncomfortable when waiting there for 8 hours.
Wait time to consult with a doctor was unacceptable.
Wait times are pretty ridiculous. 3 times here and I haven't spent less than 6 hours here at a time. Also, the day shift of nurses are very impatient and borderline rude
Wait times are rather excessive
Wait times are too long especially when someone is in severe pain, and no seating for person accompanying patient. Some nurses seem tired and overworked.
Wait times are too long We need more nurses that get paid better We need a cleaner hospital with more equipment This hospital reminds me of something third world!
Wait times are very long to see a doctor especially when small children are involved.
Wait times are way too long.
Wait times are way too long. Not enough physicians. Add physician assistants and nurse practitioners to help with the too many patient waiting in hallways. Minor ailments should not be seen in emergency. Those patients should be charged & maybe that way the number of people in emerg would decrease. Poor attitude of triage nurses.
Wait times much too long!
Wait times to see doctor are too long A year ago my wife waited 7 1/2 at night and never saw a doctor. Aisles are cluttered with equipment. Place too small.
Wait to see a doctor was too long 6 hours
Wait was a little long, however the service was great and staff was very respectful.
Waited over 10 hours for stitches that took 10 mins bleeding on an off. Basically was not seen by anyone other until see and treat was open at 830am
Waited through the night for 12 hrs. No reason was given for the long wait.
Waiting 9 hours to see a physician only to have them set up an ultrasound for the following day was a little frustrating. I believe I could have been sent home earlier with this inforamtion and the bed could have been given to someone else in need.
Waiting in the hallway for many hours without privacy was terrible and embarrassing. The ramp and surrounding area outside the ER was in dangerous condition. It needs repair for the safety of handicapped people. Shameful, to be honest. The care was fine given the fact that nurses are overwhelmed and understaffed, however, my family had to get me warm blankets, turn me, search for pillows, empty or exchange my emesis basin, and provide mouth care after frequent vomiting These are basic nursing skills. I admire and am in full support of the nursing staff,however, complete care of the patient involves more than just the bare minimum. Try to remember that that patient in bed X is someone's parent, grandparent, sibling, or child. That said, I am grateful and thankful for the care I received.
Waiting is too long! Great staff - 4. Thankful for our Health Care.
Waiting room too long of visit 8 hrs till I was seen
Waiting room was empty so I was placed in Zone 3 pretty quickly. It was 6 1/2 hours before I say a doctor and it was 10 hours before I left. Not satisfactory at all. The nurses did all they could.
Waiting time too long - 7 hrs.
Waiting time was very scare as I was bleeding badly. Take blood (unreadable) heart condition Had 8 stitches in foot eventually
Waiting time!!!
Waiting too long - Washroom often dirty - Often sitting in the hallway (no bed)
Was a good experience. I am going through chemo and was pleased not to have to stay longer than an hour. The doctor was so helpful I was grateful to him.
Was a pretty basic visit for stitches drs office was closed once over to the see and treat it was a breeze
Was advised to go to nearest emergency by specialist doctor because I was severely anemic, however was basically turned away by doctors and tried to go somewhere else Was then told by specialist to go to another emergency room where I then received care
Was grateful for the treatment received
Was helped quickly and with respect but perhaps not thoroughly. First experience with See & Treat which made visit very timely. I filled this out for my elderly mother who experiences memory loss after a traumatic brain injury 1 yr ago I was with her the entire visit.
Was much quicker with two waiting rooms.
Was pleased and appreciative with how I was taken care of.
Was sent to ER from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Was sent to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX by ambulance
Was very disappointed in the procedure of my lumbar puncture. Doctor re-entered my back 2 separate times, hit multiple nerves and went through 2 needles. I left not know what was wrong and then was not able to walk or even lay flat for the next 9 days which was not preempted to me before leaving
Was very happy and after I took my Medicine he gave me Was feeling better after 3 days Had to take med for 7 days Overall this trip was an improvement from the last visit when I got very upset because they send me for a test and the dye in test I have and allergies too would not take it Told tech I was not given my pre-medicine for the test Then was send back and doctors ask me why I refused the test Told him and the nurse Told him I have no allergies which it is clearly shown on my chart all my allergies Need to make SURE this does never happen to anyone What if I was not able to talk I would like to say thank you because not very often I come to emergency Only when my doctor can not see me This was a time and was very happy with outcome They told me I had an infection
Was very impressed with the level of care given and how quickly I was able to be seen, assessed and released.
WE APPRECIATED THE KIND CARING I RECEIVED.
We are extremely disappointed in our recent experience at XXX My husband developed septicemia from a scope procedure at XXX on XXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXX which resulted in a 911 call and ambulance transported to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, on XXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXXX. He was tested and given some IV treatment but released. He was then called back into the ER the next day by the attending physician related to lab values but once again he was released. He developed high fever in the night and returned once again on XXXXXX to the ER and released. Septicemia is a fatal illness and should be treated with IV antibiotics until lab values are normal. He was not admitted for proper treatment due to bed shortage. We are very disappointed in the recent experience
We had excellent service @ XXX - keeping in mind that it was a slow day @ the hospital - not weekend - not full moon!
We had to visit twice because my daughter's ear drum burst after the 1st visit & she needed antibiotics The emergency room couldn't find a record of our 1st visit two days earlier We waited far too long
We live in XXXXXXX but will only go to XXX. Not just because our family dr works there but we will not go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
We were at the emergency department for 8 hours and did not see a doctor
We were both really impressed with my care. Keep up the great work. The only thing I would say is about the appearance inside & outside a XXX It's looking a bit out dated. Not a huge deal. Thanks!
We were extremely happy with the doctor and nurses. I understand they can not give me a time estimate to see a doctor but I think they would have warned us so my daughter did not have to wait 8 hours in exhaustion. We would have tried the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, very frustrating.
We were treated very well for a crowed ER.
Well I mean these weren't in person visits but every single in person visit I've had they've been excellent the care the staff I've never had an issue. I only had one visit with one of my children and XXX wasn't able to help us but they did lots of compassion.
Went in with chest pain and breathing difficulty. Was admitted quickly and set up on monitors but interaction with the nurses was very infrequent. After I got the bed and hooked to monitors nurses came over four times within the six to seven hours I was there. The monitor would beep continuously and no one would check. My wife made the comment that if she wasn't sitting with me I could be dead and no one would even know. I realize there is a shortage of nurses but I felt I was just left on my own. The attending doctor was great when he finally had the opportunity to see me. (five hours after being admitted)
Went to emergency with a rash thinking it was shingles and it was looked after me immediately & was let go within an hr with anti viral medication to be filled
Went to the XXXXXX with a double ear infection and was flying to Jamaica for a holiday in 3 days. The very condescending physician told me there was nothing wrong and to use a nasal spray or cancel my trip. I went to a walk in clinic in a different city where I was diagnosed and prescribed an antibiotic and decongestant. Will not be attending the XXXXXX ever again for anything. There was no wait as I think people probably have very little confidence in this walk in.
When going to emergency dept if you come in with lots of blood you should be looked at within 30 minutes or you could die.
When I arrived, I had been working in extreme heat all day and needed water very badly. There was NO, count it... ZERO access to water my entire visit. It was VERY distressing. None was offered... I had to sneak water from an exam room sink!!!! The 'nurse' (must be a fucking masochist, or just have zero clue about human biology and pain) used the brown kraft paper to 'dry off' a second degree burn. She then bandaged the burn without cleaning it in the slightest bit. I had to go home and pick out MELTED, BURNED PLASTIC from my strong hand using only my weak hand and some tweezers. I had no rubbing alcohol to sterilize my tools. THIS IS NOT CARE. This was a total waste of my time, I SHOULD have remained home where i had access to water, pain medications and PROPER towels which do not cause extra pain. This visit highlighted how absolutely pathetic the XXXXXXXXXXXX care system is. I recently moved to XXXXXXXXXXX, and had to attend emergency after having a nail puncture the same hand. The doctors and nurses actually care! Its not a problem that you're there... its not a personal inconvenience to them. I left bandaged properly, had the wound cared for properly... you tools over in XXXXXXX could learn something about humanity, compassion and care if you would look around you. If you look around, you'll see how poor of a job you do. This is NOT my first bad experience at the XXXXXX. From being turned away with a X year old with a very badly broken arm (she ended up having surgery at the XXX)... a single parent with a toddler... NO ONE EVEN HELD THE DOOR FOR US, to having a partially amputated finger jammed open and apart... I for one, am VERY VERY glad that I will NEVER, EVER step foot into that cesspool of 'health care workers' who treat patience like black flies, nothing more than a nuisance and a bother. Staff needs to be fired, the few who remain need to be re-trained, equipment and resources are needed (goddamn water fountains, bottle filling stations, disposable cups... SOMETHING)... get your shit straight guys.
When I first arrived there was not many people there, then all a sudden they wouldn't stop coming in, felt sorry for the nurse at triage, but I got good dr's and nurses to look after me.
When I was mid miscarriage, they wouldn't let my husband come in and while I was in incredible pain a male intern asked to be there while the dr. did the exam. I wasn't in the right state to understand or answer and the dr. said "just a pelvic exam" not realizing he was going to stick his fingers (very painfully) in my vagina. After the fact we were very upset.
When I went for kidney stone removal. They marked the wrong side for surgery on the chart. It was written left side but was my right side that needed the surgery. But the Dr fixed it on the chart before the operation.
When someone is experiencing dizziness, temp. blindness, and other symptoms that could be related to the heart, they should be seen through triage before a child with a cold.
When the nurses say they will do something, please do so. Once I was allowed to have water, I was told someone was getting water. An hour later, I still had not received said water. I was told a nurse would come with discharge papers. The nurse did not - until the doctor realized I was still there, and got the discharge papers herself. Please do not over - promise and under - deliver service to a person in the ED. That said, waiting an hour for water is not over - delivering service.
When the paramedics brought us in the intake nurse didn't even look at me or my son. She was very miserable with everything and very rude to the paramedics.
When there wasn't beds in hospital or ER sent home come back next day reregister, wait again, IV 1/2 h drip in see & treat clinic return next day re-register, wait again IV (1/2 hr drip) why couldn't it have been a quicker visit than 3 hrs. Why not register @ see & treat if doc orders are there already to go instead of sitting in ER wait room with lots of people coughing & puking so I would catch another sickness. (In wheelchair & catheter) 1st day @ ER no urination in pain, penis swollen shut catheter should have been inserted quickly instead of waiting about 4 hrs to insert to get urine sample.
When you cane in the person at the door told to me to take a new mask but did not mention to hand sanitize
Whenever I have had to visit the XXX stage Emergency Dept. I have always had the greatest of care.
While my care as a possible stroke patient was timely, there were many patients waiting in corridors on gurneys. The doctor was overworked and diagnosis was given in the corridor no privacy.
Why do patients have to answer the same questions to the triage attendant then have to wait and be called to answer the same questions to another attendant who then gives you a wristband. Why can't the wristband be given by the triage attendant and save the patients from having to keep moving around while in a lot of discomfort and pain. Thank you.
Why would you ask if I was white black etc.. that has nothing to do with this survey!
Why would you send this addressed to a baby?
Will highly recommend your emergency department
With the current Covid restrictions, privacy is compromised when attending the reception area to state your reason for emergency care. I would have preferred to submit a form than speak from 6 to 8 feet away
With the passage of time some details are difficult to recall. I have answered to the best of my ability. All front line workers did an excellent job.
With what drs & nurses have to work within this health care system ... I was very pleased with the services of care at the XXX Thank you
Wonderful care received Pleasant atmosphere All staff friendly, concerned and provided excellent care Thank you
Wonderful people in a demanding job
Wonderful service - great people
Worked off their feet - understaffed - kudos to all who labor there
Working in XXXXXXXXXXX I have a good understand when discussing medical issues. It would have been nice to not have been the one to bring up possible issues that were being ruled out that were very similar in type.
Worst hospital ever. Rude staff, unhelpful nurses, side gossip about other patients among staff. I will DIE before I ever use this hospital again.
Would be best to update those waiting to be seen how long wait currently is, like at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Also, patients should be triaged a lot faster. Was over a hour for me.
XX
XXX does not remember being in the Emergency Department, so this cannot be made out. XXXXXXXX mother.
XXX ER failed us BIG TIME! I brought my husband in on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, due to his failing health mentally & physically after his recent colon cancer surgery. Because I was not allowed to stay with him, he was not able to properly convey his current issues such as his delirium, hallucinations, lack of sleep, no appetite, no liquids intake ongoing for 3 weeks. The attending ER physician actually prescribed him more NARCOTICS, which is NOT what he needed. He needed a Dr to actually look at and talk with him to truly begin a proper diagnosis. I understand the need to keep everyone safe and quarantine those who could be at risk, or cause risk to others. However, you neglected to account for the sick that cannot properly detail their issues. We ultimately had to take him back to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX where he was subsequently admitted to hospital, due to a large abscess in his abdomen, delirium, kidneys failing and now a recent finding of possible brain cancer. After clearly explaining his failing mental health I was handed a mask and allowed to stay with my husband when we arrived at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX ER. The health team at XXX had no care or concern for the true health of my husband and as such he is now fighting for his life. I tell all my friends and family to avoid XXX ER whenever possible, you do not 'treat' people, you push them through like dumb cattle. XXX should be ashamed of this level of care, I am heart broken, that I cannot rely on the medical system in my own hometown.
XXX needs to place a higher priority on Mental Health issues. We went to Emerg because we were directed there by mental health to be assessed by the Mental Health nurse. When checking in, the nurse was advised that there was an anxiety attack and fear of personal harm, but we were left to wait 8 hours in an emergency room. When we inquired we were told, there were 22 cases ahead of us and any ambulance that arrives takes priority over us, and that it would likely be another 7-8 hours. So my question is how BAD does a mental health issue need to be before your staff actually direct these patients to someone who can help them. Why are mental health issues not directed to the mental health floor where they can be assessed and addressed. I understand Triage and that someone bleeding out takes precedence but the mental health crisis in this city is on the rise, and we cannot continue to ignore it.
XXX was released from Emerg I, his wife went to pick him up, did not find him, staff not very concerned - said I'd be this way or that way. After 15 min of looking found him staggering down sidewalk between Emerg & main door. He was suffering from vertigo & not stable on feet. Should only have been released with someone to help him to car. While in Emerg he was given gravol in ambulance he had a severe headache & pain down neck He was not given anything for pain for at least 4 hrs He is diabetic, not given anything to eat at supper time. 6 months earlier was in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Emerg room - for an emerg visit. Overall care was 75% better than XXXXXXXXX XXX speaks Croatian as second language to English they made sure he understood everything Had very quick care & overall way better care. XXXXXXXXX - XXX's wife
XXXX just gets worse & worse, I have nothing good to say about it. Please excuse my writing I am almost blind (unreadable) is great & always available to help.
XXXX was fantastic with me
XXXXX is only X months old....I'm his mother answering on his behalf.... We were never given a complete diagnosis, we were placed in an ED bed to which I am grateful, however the doctor had called a peds doc and didn't get a response l, so we received an it's probably this answer, given medicine after 5hrs or waiting and sent home with a follow up in the peds department 2 days later...
XXXXX residents should be bumped past people that are not from XXXXX (pending it's not a lift threatening issue) to meany people from from the city because they don't want to wait there
XXXXXX is Not my favorite place. I have had horrible experiences there before & generally will go someplace else. I had heard credible information that they were working hard to turn that around & needing to be transferred from XXXXXXXXXXX, I agreed to go. It was a very good experience on that visit & I was pleased. When I had another incident & was directed to go to XXXXXX by my neurologist I again went but found the same old problems existing. The neurologist had called ahead to tell them I was coming & left initial instructions. My difficulty that day appeared to be with the Charge Nurse. She was rude, arrogant, dismissive & did all that she could to ignore me. It was almost 6 hours & only 20 mins from her end of shift when I began to get attention. They held my health card for about 4 & 1/4 hours before I was registered & when I wanted to talk about how long I'd been waiting the Charge Nurse told me It had barely been an hour. I remarked to her that she might count the time from the moment of registration but I count it from the time they have taken my health card. Even using the time since I was in triage I had been waiting over 3 hours. When I finally got back into the treatment area (out of the waiting room) I was told there was blood work & imaging to be done & they would know more after those results were back. From that point the Charge Nurse was gone & things proceeded along pretty well. I had attentive staff (nurse, doctor & lab tech especially) & in about 3 hours I was ready to leave with a known follow-up plan. I received a bad cut on my hand recently, went to XXXXXX, was quickly put through triage & directed to the 'see & treat' area. Start to finish I was out in just over an hour with my laceration attended to. I was pleased to be sure & had been well attended & respected with obvious courtesy. The 'old vestiges' of the XXXXXX staff are very apparent. They would seem to be undermining efforts to turn things around there. Thank You.
XXXXXXX my nurse was amazing. If all nurses were like her the world would be a better place.
XXXXXXXX needs an expanded ER. Er is not too small to support population
XXXXXXXXX needs 2 hospitals, most people I know would drive to XXXXX before going to the XXXXXXXXXXXX because of the crazy wait times.
XXXXXXXXXX is great. I would always drive the extra 15 mins to go there before XXXXXXXXXXXXX.
XXXXXXXXXXX - excellent. Registrant - clerks - excellent. XXXXXXXX - physician assistant - excellent.
XXXXXXXXXXX Born XXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXX is a much needed service. The service is great and all staff and Dr.s are friendly, efficient and kind
XXXXXXXXXXX provided excellent, personal, caring, immediate care to me when I was having difficulty breathing ... diagnosed as asthmatic attack.
XXXXXXXXXXXXX AMAZING!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has a wonderful Emergency Department, I only wish the hospital had more knowledge of Dystonia, the care, the understanding. (Muscular dystrophy for my friend). It's not mental and a patient forced to stand while having spasms, isn't fair. I go to a neurologist and movement doctor cities away as XXXXXXXXX doesn't have any. Which I also had to do for my blood clotting disorder until we got the doctor back. Now waiting for knee surgery. I do want to thank all of the Emergency Department, all of the hospital and the fantastic care they have given me, my parents on their journey of life. Merry Christmas, please stay safe, make time for each of you.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has very good nurses and doctors.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is extremely under staffed as far as doctors go. I had to be put on a bed in a hallway to be treated. It was two hours before I was taken off the stretcher from the ambulance. Nurses were extremely ignorant for the most part. Always on their cell phones and stuck their noses up at you when you tried to ask for an update when the doctor was going to be free soon. This hospital is complete trash and seems like no one who works their, except for the struggling doctors, cares about life or death of their patients. Being my first emergency in an ambulance ever and had to sit in a stretcher for 2 hours before being put on a bed in a hallway is a joke. Someone needs to change this as some people actually care about their well being. Should ever have an emergency again, I would rather take a chance between life and death and go to a neighboring hospital than go to XXXXXXXXX as I know most of the employees do not care and I wont be seen in time anyway.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is #1 in my books.
Ya, I arrived and explained my health problems. I also explained why I was having these health problems, I was provided blood work and a XY scan. Then I was called a lunatic and offered a mental health exam or assessment. so I fall in pain, I get nose bleeds and headaches, I have kidney pain, my ears are ringing... I have had extremely swollen glands in my neck and been on antibiotics twice in the prior 3 weeks... you guys tell me everything is fine.. now 3 weeks later I get the results of a ultra sound and have 4 lumps in my throat ranging in size from very large to small. This would be after being told in an XXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX I need two spinal procedures 4 years ago then come back to XXXXXXXXX and promptly refused any re read or the results of the x rays they had just taken of my spine. Then after a month of arguing you provided a totally bogus result of my spine was fine and in alignment. Then all the board and management was canned. Frankly I believe it's clearly time to remove the criminals again. Really... XXXXXXXX everything is fine and I need a mental health assessment. XXXXXXXXX I have 4 massive lumps in my throat.. Shut the doors. Total criminal enterprise.
Yes all were nice to me and the doctor were very helpful Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes I waited 5hrs. to be given a prescription for laxatives when I complained of being unable to unlock my wrists and knees also muscle spasms on the right side of my back. We watched ten hospital staff attend to a man who was cursing and swearing for a cigarette, by the way I am XXXXXXXX of age and seventeen years of volunteering at the XXX.
YES, BACK LOG CAUSED BY DRUG OVERDOSED PEOPLE, HAVE THEM GO TO SPECIAL CLINIC SET UP FOR THEIR USE ONLY. THIS WOULD FREE UP THE EMERGENCY OVERLOAD..
Yes, I filled this out on behalf of my X yr old son. He is generally very healthy. My X year old however is a severe asthmatic. On a few occasions we received very questionable care from dr's and nurses. We were once being discharged while our sons oxygen saturations was at 90% we are convinced that had we not advocated for our son that night and pushed for a second doctors opinion, our son may have died that night dr another occasion we had a nurse aggressive, fighting with our son (then X) to force the oxygen prongs in his nose when we asked her to just use the mask, her response was that our son just needed to do as was told. Of course there are other doctors and nurses that continue to provide exemplary care in the future I will be sure to report these misjudgment in practice to the appropriate authorities. Thank you.
Yes, the nurses & doctors are great people in this hospital
Yes, they are really nice people and really helpful I thank everybody that helped me. Love XXXXXXXXXXXX May God bless
Yes, with previous TIA's would you not think I would have been immediately admitted with chest pain! Took a little over an hour & it was very quiet which is very unusual for this hospital.
Yes. #1 - wait to long. 6 hrs + cut hand on table saw. #2 - many dirty areas of floors, walls been there a long time. Unhealthy!
Yes. Triage should be set up to accommodate on level of emergency. kids with high temperature should be cared for ASAP.
You bet there is! I arrived at 10:30pm and didn't leave until 9:30am ... and only when the meet and treat area opened up. I came in needing stitches. The website said the average wait time was 1 hrs 52 mins ... no one there that night received care in less than 6 hours. It took 6 hours to get me in the back and some pain relief. I would highly recommend that you don't need three triage nurses sitting around chatting and only ONE doctor on during the night shift! Seriously ... the busiest time is generally in the evening/night! Bring in another doctor or PA. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX was awesome and had me stitched up and out in about an hour. Your current night process is very lacking! Perhaps manning the Meet and Treat area at night would lessen the workload on the 1 ER doctor.
You have a great staff of nurses, doctors and volunteers. The wait times are based on need of care which is fair to all people.
Young female intern that looked after me was excellent - they should all be like her - very caring and fully interested in my well being
Your Emergency Department is extremely understaffed. It was very hard to get the help of a doctor when there was only one doctor visible in the corridors. It is not the doctors fault; there were not enough doctors on call. I was several hours in the hallway before I saw a doctor. Once I saw a doctor things started to fall into place as it were and a course of action was implemented to facilitate treatment. I am not one to complain but I was in very much pain and it seemed to be an eternity before anyone could really help me. Dr. XXXXXX was very professional, courteous, and helpful when I finally did see a doctor. I was very impressed with him. He even called me at home a few days later to see how I was doing! That was appreciated very much. The ER department needs to be expanded, given more funds, and more access of doctors and nurses to provide prompt treatment. I realize budgets are strained to the limit, governments are cutting back but surely XXX deserves to be at the top of its game in providing health care in a timely manner that meets the needs and dignity of patients. Our civic leaders and local XXX should be more proactive and work together in making this happen. XXX can't do this alone. Thank you for allowing me to voice my opinion and I hope XXX gets more much needed government funding to update its facilities and provide quality health care when called upon. .
Your emergency dept and the ambulance service were excellent and first rate. I felt after the accident I did not need help, but they insisted just to make sure I was okay after the accident. A plus. I always hope we will have this care in XXXXXXX despite the present governments ideas to reform the system. I have travelled many times to states They have no idea about our system and are led to belive it stinks. Great are Love it XXXX
Your nurses are truly amazing. I cannot stress this enough. I have spent a lot of time at BGH and your nurses are seriously some of the best. Well done to all of them for their passion and dedication.
Your questions didn't cover my entry and that staff. ... I arrived in an ambulance and could walk in so I did. Once the Paramedic and I were inside, two of your staff were chatting and showing something on there phones. Intake female staff member said to the Paramedic- what do you want? And he was immediately embarrassed and said I have a patient which is when they noticed me standing beside him. At this point she said to him, yeah give us a minute and they carried on and we moved back into the hallway. He apologized and when I asked if the vacation pictures were important to which he responded, no they were showing dog photos. What the hell? They finished and then checked me in. The rest of the staff were wonderful but these two were incredibly unprofessional. I chose to leave it alone until you sent me this survey and asked. I am a first responder that was off duty and it took everything in me not to give them a piece of my mind as this was a difficult decision to call an ambulance to bring me in. Pls look up my visit and deal with the staff member working triage at the time and who ever she was sharing dog pictures with while ignoring a patient brought in my medics. Thank you
Your staff are caring, intelligent and direct in their answers. This leaves no room for misunderstanding and you receive the prognosis along with medication advice and 'how-to' follow-up care instruction. I was very impressed with the genuine concern and compassion they showed. Thank you all very much & stay safe.
Your staff members are very judgemental. Especially one nurse in particular at see and treat. I do not like having her as my nurse while at the XXX. I find she does not believe the patients, she makes me feel as if nothing is wrong with me.
(1) As an older person (XX) I was appalled by the nurse in the emergency dept. She was very unprofessional when I could clearly hear her discussing another emer patient with another nurse. What she said was disgusting, I will not repeat it (2) I had to make 2 visits to the ER The 1st visit 6+ hours to be told by the attending doctor I needed an xray but I was too late as xray closed @ 11:30 PM & I saw the doctor long after 11:30 PM. I could have had the xray while waiting I came back the following day to have an xray This visit lasted 5+ hours Xray was done quickly and then I waited *I was told I had to be referred to a specialist for my hand (XXXXXXXX) ER visit Still waiting!! I took it upon myself to visit my family doctor who scheduled a specialist appt Have already seen specialist #1 and have appointment XXXXXXXX to see specialist #2
1 hr 15 min before I got to see the receptionist. About 6 hrs to see a doctor. My ears were plugged + could hardly hear going on 2 weeks. Doctor said nothing wrong with my ears and was going to prescribe ear drops which I had told her I already was using. When she left + I followed because she didn't give me the prescription. I waited while she was playing on her phone, then she saw me and wrote one out. 2 wks later with a serious sinus infection (still have)
1 Nothing to eat or drink for 8 hrs, had to ask! Next visit
1st doctor in emerg needs "compassionate" training.  2nd doctor in emerg was excellent!  Took an interest and "found" primary source of cancer. Thus appreciate tests.
1st visit to emerg. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX doctor said nothing wrong with me. Go home. Return by ambulance in 3 different hosp. after 3 months later get home
3 - 5 Children were very ill and it is disturbing to see them with their parents - waiting, waiting, would it be possible to have a separate area and doctors for the children? I asked the nurses to take the children when they called my name. Statistics would have info re: childrens visits.
5 & 1/2 months later still waiting for counseling and psychiatrist appt So unfair. I have to cope on my own because of such a long wait list
5 1/2 hour time from entry to exit - too long.
5 hr wait to be looked at for tick bite. When if asked should have given me antibiotic prescription as soon upon arrival only took 2 minutes after seeing doctor. Wow.
8 AM it was not too busy.
A few years ago I would have considered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to be one of the worst  But, I am very proud to say they have done an incredible job of changing to become one that I am proud of.
A great doctor.
A great hospital!!
A long wait when you are in pain, but only one doctor on duty & trying to do the best they can.
A very calm and relaxed environment that eliminates stress and anxiety - very professional.
A very good stay
Absolutely disgusted by the wait times It would have only taken 10 mins to give me my results rather you let me sit and wait for 4+ hours and then told me I'd have to wait longer as 2 ambulances were arriving as the doctor sat chatting with 2 nurses at the desk! I will hopefully NEVER return to that hospital!!
Absolutely excellent in every way!
Admitted from ambulance shortness of breath irregular heart beat
After 3 day in the hospital, I had to ask a nurse on first floor to boil hot water so I can wash myself, to freshen up after being in my same clothes for 3 days.  They need to fix the hot water tank.
After a few days I googled "use of crutches" and determined that the arm grips should have been one hole higher. Adjusted that which made me feel more stable.
After getting checked in & went to waiting room there was only 1 other person & we both had to wait for 2 hrs. I seen 1 emergency come in by ambulance. Was told by dr. that I had some fluid in right ear & had an upper respiratory lung infection & to take tylenol & advil. After a wk ended up seeing my own dr. & put on antibiotics
After I was discharged, I had to wait 2 hours for help to be lifted from the stretcher to my wheelchair.
After tests - had to return to hospital for ultrasound the next day - ultra sound for leg veins - artery for possible blood clot.
Air conditioning was not working - very hot Food was terrible with no air conditioning they were serving hot tea, hot soup, hot meals.
All good
All good nurses doctors & food.
All good!
All in all it was excellent care under the tight circumstances XXXXXXXX
All of the staff at this hospital were of great help to me. Thanks to all
All ratings would have been excellent if 1. I had been told initially, the SOP for my situation as presented. 2. If only the doctor can reveal test results, he should have bothered to do that in a much more timely fashion. I would explain further if more lines.
All staff at CM Hospital are very good. Very grateful for our hospital.
All staff including nurses, doctors, technicians and security were helpful, positive, and friendly.
All staff members were polite & courteous - Bathroom needs to be renovated - Tab area blocked off with plywood otherwise it was cleaned on a regular basis.
All staff were caring, compassionate and professional! - All my questions were answered completely and I left emerg feeling less concerned about my condition!
All staff were wonderful! They were very kind + caring.
All the people that I had seen were all great, the problem is they are stretched too thin, need more government $$$ not cuts!!! They all did the best they could! With thanks god bless
All the staff are very friendly
All the staff were a 10/10  This is why we came to XX
All was good A little wait, was opened up good Only needed stitched. But a lot better then XXXXXXXXXX! Thank you, XXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Always a pleasant visit to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Good care good follow up.
Always professional with all they do. Outstanding.
Always provide good care Friendly staff, nurses, doctors
Always very helpful and friendly
Ambulance attendants were very attentive and helpful.
Ambulance paramedics were empathetic & friendly. Emergency admin staff were scowling. The nurse who took my blood never looked at me. The attending doctor was condescending and not listening to underlying symptoms. He basically told me to suck it up. Physically, the department is in dire need of renovation to conform to standards of "healing environment" Thank you for this opportunity to share my views on this facility
Ambulance was fast + very efficient. I had pneumonia + have COPD. I was checked for virus report, hospital called. Ok.
An amazing group of people who cared, informed and assisted me in a somewhat critical time, pneumonia I had travelled to Europe and may have contacted same there better XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXX
An excellent experience nurses very kind and cheerful
Any emergency that involves your heart is quite frightening. XXX has an outstanding group of employees. Lab techs, nurses, doctors & admin staff were so lovely & capable Special mention Dr. XXXXX, XXXXXXX, XXXXX, when I was unconscious "I thanked each nurse" - much to the amusement of the staff. I wish I could recall each name - you're operating quite an amazing little hospital My only suggestion: is that patient remove their "over shoes," then put on paper slippers - surely this would save on cleaning costs The hospital is located in a rural area so lots of mud - small suggestion XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Anytime I go to emerg. it's ok.
Appointment on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Told a specialist from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX would call, I AM STILL WAITING. I went to emergency in XXXXXXX XXXXXXXX and had the specialist appointment on XXXXXX I'm sure if I called the hospital they would say they faxed the requisition and if I called XXXXXXXXXXXX they would say they have not received it.
Arrogant, condescending male nurse/ Practitioner full of himself brooding not conversational successful attitude. Threw away proposed prescriptions. Visit a total waste
As a retired correctional officer, I have worked in many hospitals. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the best. So much so that I donate to the hospital foundation.
As a small rural community we depend on the emergency room to support or medical needs.
As always, I was treated well. I've never had any complaints about that place.
As I did not need a lot of care - I was well informed about why I was there
As I shared the room with someone waiting for LTC that was up every hour and the room washroom was not fit for use by anyone but her its not an experience I care to repeat. Did offer to pay for private room but there were none available.
As in the case of all hospitals in XXXX the emerg dept requires much more staffing.
At all times I have been treated well the staff is extremely friendly and kind.
At emergency tests/medications were discussed with my wife as I was pretty well non-responsive. My wife directed the hospital staff with choices that needed to be made.
Attended 3 times for same problem. Received a different diagnosis each time
Attended emergency for a separated shoulder as a result of a fall. While waiting they had a code blue so the wait was expected. Attended by nurse for pain medication. Excellent care under the very busy circumstances
Attentive Timely
Awesome
Bad wart on bottom of foot sent me to drug store for help.
Because I was having chest pain, I felt I should have been seen earlier. This hospital needs a triage or reception area XXXXXXXXXXXX
Bed was broken, nurses excellent.
Beds are hard. The tea is not very good Tetley Tea is much better than Red Rose
Bedside manner of doctor was poor after waiting 6-8 hrs in emergency
Besides my visit within last year I have been to emergency in XXXXXXXXXXXX about 3x for myself as well as for my grandchildren. Always excellent care.
Best care anywhere!!!
Best care you can receive in hospital.  Tests done quickly, I would recommend to anyone and we do.  Thank you.
Best hospital stay I have ever experienced As my wife is, blind I her husband is, completing this form on her behalf.
Best place to be if you are sick Everyone is so caring I see it because I XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for 5 years. Couldn't ask for a better place.
Better food.
Better signage for ER patients going to x-ray. Waited in outpatient for 30 mins before was told wrong area
Both the doctor + nurses barely spoke to me about my condition + not at at about my other major issue I was there for. I had to wait over 3 hours in the waiting room then another hour at least before the dr breezed in + rushed out. There was only 1 other patient there that night.
Breakfast service was not helpful. If the table work on the food and of the bed she would help to help me see such that met her job The nurses bad to do that I was not please with that.
Busy place, nature of business places sometimes difficult demands on employees.
Cannot complain at all  Excellent care  XX
Can't remember the drs name but her bedside manner & personality were fantastic!
Can't think of anything else
Care + staff were very good. Environment was terrible. I was put in a double room that had been adapted for 4 people by lining up 4 beds + partially separating them with curtains. I am a woman is was put in with 3 demented men who screamed all night - no possibility of getting any sleep, no privacy - no proper bathroom facilities or washing up.
Care received from paramedics to arrive safely at the hospital was paramount as well. The way they communicated with emergency staff was also excellent; together paramedics, nurses, doctors worked as a seamless team to ensure a potentially life-threatening situation was thwarted. A top-notch team!
Care was excellent. Just waited too long before I was given any pain medication
Change of doctor on rotation in the middle of my stay and (unreadable) change of treatment plan delayed discharge and ws very frustrating
Chief of staff was excellent nurses are friendly.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was the best hospital we have eve dealt with, they are like one big family was greatly impressed with staff
Clean well run/efficient!
Condition I went for reoccurs (every few months) and the pain was too intense to put off.
Consideration on discounts for self paying patients as does XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and other hospitals in western XXX!
Considering I only wanted a script the wait was too long, however I know the priority (health issues) list but perish the thought of not having XXX + the health care we as Canadians are so fortunate to have.
Content is important I put myself here as a XX y/o alcoholic working construction in XXXXXX heat. Guess they knew I wouldn't mind the valium so they went ahead. 10/10 service doctor was kind and wise Thank you all
Could be faster.
Could not have been treated better. Having a heart attack is pretty scary alone. When you think you are going to die & I am still here to fill out this survey. Thank you very much XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Criminals from penitentiaries should not take precedent over injured patients such as myself they should be treated elsewhere they are a threat to other patients when they came in in restraints? Bloody
Dear Sir or Madam I just want to thank Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXXX for taking such great care of me. He was very caring and patient. When I went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX by ambulance in a lot of pain I was transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX right away for major surgery. After my surgery I was put in the I.C.U. for approx 5 to 6 days. While I was in the I.C.U. something happened and I had a code blue. The doctors took good care of me then I was put in the surgical wing for a week before being transferred back to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for some rehab because I could barely stand on my own. The only reason I am telling you all of this is because I had a night nurse that when I rang the bell for help she said to me that I should be able to do things on my own and should be at home. I felt this was not her decision but up to the doctor. I still remained in the hospital for a week after this happened. All the rest of the nurses were wonderful to me. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Dear survey people - it has been quite a while since I was there that I cannot remember why I went. Sorry XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Definitely some nurses were much more compassionate and understanding, helpful - so much rotation of staff.
Diagnosed with a broken hip by the orthopedic surgeon   Remained overnight  Transferred to Peterborough Hospital  Operated on by Dr. XXXX same day
Diagnosed with bladder infection post quadruple bypass, but not told I had a bladder infection! 5 days later went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and Emerg dr wanted to know why I was not on an antibiotic for bladder inf. No treatment given for abdominal pain! This was unacceptable! Dates - XXXXX or XXX - + XXXXX
Did not see doctor, NP saw me, she was very good Waited too long even though questioned after 2 1/2 hrs when would be seen - NP advised should have been 2 hrs. earlier than seen, file put in wrong pile - has happened on both my visits even when I question time phone
Didn't want to go at first. Glad I did.
Discharge coordinator XXXX was a bully, very rude, ignorant, she treated patient & family extremely rude & would never want her to deal with any of anyone's needs, she is very ignorant and bullies all around her we experienced her bully a lot of patients and family members.  She made the experience very upsetting to all.
Discharge plan very poor  No help offered for in the home until family had to demand follow up from OT & XXXX  Very poor home care offered  Very poor  Just left to fend for himself at the age of XX
Do something about your food.  Very, very bad.
Doctor & nurses were kind & caring. I was treated great. Just one thing I was to be referred to heart doctor haven't heard anything.
Doctor did not listen to my story
Doctor was aloof, nurses were great. 2nd time, actually to be seen to by him. 25 yrs of living here & this ER has had a poor reputation for delays and working as though tomorrow is soon enough for you to be seen. This may be a country setting, but we shouldn't be treated as though our value as persons is less because of it. 3/4 of the time, the admitting person is rude or surly. Efficiency + due diligence should never make a person feel like a criminal or an irritating inconvenience. 3/4 or the the time move from XXX + have much experience to compare to.
Doctor was on call from XXXXXXXXXXXXXX and was extremely 'informative with an excellent rapport. For this I was very thankful
Doctor was were kind
Doctors - not true answer ? 3 doctors - ?
Doctors & nurses treated me well & I was told what was wrong with me. I was given pain medicine to relieve the pain. It could happen to me again. Now I know what to watch for & what to do when it does. Very thankful for all who helped me & our hospital.
Doctors & nurses were good but didn't seem to have time.  Short-staffed some doctors great seem to pick up from previous doctor.
Doctors good  Nurses good
Doctors were quick to refer me to doctor in XXXXXXXXXXXX. I got an appt. the next day.
Don't know the doctor's name was not introduced - But he wore a bandana on his head. This man was rude and would not shut up to listen that was his problem Had be known this was the 3rd trip to hospital emergency in a month for same thing. Maybe he would have realized it (2nd toe) needed more attention different antibiotic - As it was he never even looked at toe! Worse experience wasted trip to hospital Than went an seen a real doctor!
Don't share with the Ford Gov. the (unreadable) will fire everyone. XXXXXX this report is late because I lost the original return envelope.
Dr in emerg had no compassion and no empathy. Very poor at bed side.
Dr overworked, attendant came out to tell people that dr is filling out paperwork and new shift doctor would be in 1 hr idle time Teenager came in holding his elbow & has after me. I was in a car accident and got rear ended 70 km boy was pretty much sent to xray and I waited hrs to get mine He walked out in a sling and I was worried I had neck problems from accident Head was so so sore Another man left Another lady got there after me and she sat in cafe till she got in - again before me People complaining - coughing, not happy people waiting to be seen
Dr seemed in too much of a hurry.
Dr XXXXX is a very good doctor
Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX came in last day.  All she wanted to do was talk about my tremors.  I tried to explain that this is not what I came on for!  She was very demanding & wouldn't listen to me!  I became very upset and agitated because my health issue was not being address.  My husband told her she was going to give me a stroke/heart attack.  Next thing I was discharged & sent home!
Dr. on call seemed like he didn't care thought I had gout but no farther test Not even a blood test that day to confirm gout just gave medication I had never had before and sent me home.
Dr. only came when I was asleep in the am, never talked to me  Changed meds totally upon discharge  Bad reaction to stopping one drug  Food was the worst I ever had in hospital - unappetizing  Lunch was big meal, supper a sandwich
Dr. XXXX was professional, knowledgeable, and had an excellent 'Bedside Manner'.
Dr. XXXXX outstanding, compassionate, bedside manner, nurses XXXXX - nights on admission altered care and communication approach for an elderly client physio excellent. Nurses to be commended XXXXX & XXXXX - kind & compassionate discharge teaching requires improvement
Dr. XXXXX took time to listen to me, my family as to what they the (unreadable) should be. The all agreed on the path for my recovery. I thank him for his patience and his kindness.
Dr. XXXXXX made very important mistakes in my care. Withheld some information No bedside manners. Should not be at the hospital working as a doctor. Lawsuit waiting to happen!!
Dr. XXXXXXX - and all caregivers during my visit were absolutely the best for a small hospital they far exceeded hospitals in other communities I, and family have used in the past If all hospitals were as caring, kind, thorough, courteous, and efficient no one could possibly find fault or complain about our medical system I am so thankful I live so close to this hospital and would never hesitate to receive care there.
Dr. XXXXXXX (emerg doctor) was excellent. His care & knowledge was excellent. Thank you.
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was fantastic, very thorough, answered all of mine + my 2 daughters questions + concerns. The food could be better, but all the people were great.
Drs need to explain upcoming test & procedures especially in other hospitals more than 1 day before. I was not informed of other procedures in other hospitals until day before.
Due to covid, wife could not come in & I was not able to understand everything as she helps me & is my caregiver. Very good hospital
Due to Covid-19 family visits were not allowed, were not really involved
Due to low volume, I was cared for very quickly. Received excellent care.
Due to the hospital being over capacity I was placed in day surgery along with 5 other people, not an ideal situation and left on a stretcher for 3 days. They brought me a hospital bed after I said I was in too pain to be on stretcher hospital capacity 43 patients in a 34 bed facility. They did a wonderful job under a strained circumstance. I was thankful for their exceptional care
During my 9 day stay in the hospital, there was no air conditioning and it was extremely hot. I was told by a nurse that I had to be in isolation for a disease, that I had not even been tested for. She informed me, before dr's. RN's seemed to be doing PSW roles, alarms going off continuously throughout day understaffed.
During my stay I only had one nurse that I found not as helpful.
During my visit to the EM - Dept I was treated with kindness and respect by all personnel I was quite satisfied how I was treated.
During the first 3 days I reported a nurse to the manager the manager indicated that the nurse had previously been reported.
During the past 20 yrs I have been treated at this hosp after heart attacks, two ax cuts, chain saw injuries, table saw cuts, circular saw cuts  I don't believe there is a better hospital in Canada  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
During this difficult time with COVID-19 - all the hospital staff were great!
Emerg doctor XXXX was amazing - called me at home to make sure things were going ok.
Emergency excellent to the room nurses XXXXXX and XXXXX and DR. XXXXXXX - the best I ever had I have been in other hospital in XXXXXXX but this is the best I ever had in all areas in the hospital.
Emergency is understaffed and cold after 3 years of pain had a cat scan and they found the trouble thank you Dr XXXXX
Emergency room care as well as hospital was exemplary.  However the poor communication and/or bureaucratic bungling led to me being left of a gurney for 12 hrs after being told I would be admitted.  Not acceptable!!!
Emergency room understaffed + disorganized. Difficult to get any care or assistance. ONly saw 1 person in 8 hours. Put in a room + left there. Wife asked for help for me + was very slow response.
Emergency. Put in a room 1-2 hours no nurse came. No call button given - eventually I was given an injection for pain and went into hallucinations + became unconscious. how long when I came around uncontrollable vomiting every few minutes. No basin given no call button no concern or explanation given I am a non person. First floor. Dr. XXXXXX shouting accusations at patient - drug dealing + or using patient XXXXXX is crying + very upset. This dr. is very angry + out of control. Does security come or a nurse to advocate for this patient? No I am left to try and calm her nurse XXXXXXXX style of care depends on her mood - Good mood, your lucky day. Bad mood 'don't expect much' she instructed a junior nurse to ignore a patient because she was putting the patient in time out. Anger - temper tantrum + childish punishments is this a hospital or a kindergarten? The physio dept - office staff and all the other nurses on 1st floor were professional + kind.
ER doctor phoned the next day to find out if I was able to book an appointment with a specialist. She was able to get me an appointment earlier than the one I was able to arrange.
Every one was great Thank you all
Every person who helped me was polite & respectful The nurse practitioner was amazing.
Everyone used me real good  Had no trouble at all.  Enjoyed the food during my stay but the ride in the ambulance to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, the bed in the ambulance was really hard
Everyone was caring + compassionate.
Everyone was great Very friendly and nice They didn't send me home till everything was checked and I was able to leave. Thanks
Everyone was kind & considerate though very busy We are lucky to have this hospital
Everyone was kind and very helpful.
Everyone was more than helpful
Everyone was pleasant and helpful. Even the lady who screened me for Covid-19 purposes was friendly and talkative I actually enjoyed my experience there. Also, they took x-rays just to ensure I did not have a fracture.
Everyone was very kind + compassionate. I felt I was in very good hands. Thank you.
Everyone was very nice to me.
Everything was good
Everything was ok
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care and attention to my care if shingles. COVID protocols were exceptional
Excellent care and great staff very friendly and helpful.
Excellent care at XXX! With gratitude.
Excellent care by all staff!!! The dr. who did my triple bypass commented that if I had not received the care I had here I probably wouldn't have survived the operation Many many thanks!!!
Excellent care from all staff & doctors.
Excellent care from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - no problem transporting you where you need to be after stabilization & diagnoses
Excellent care in our community. Catheter placement relieved all pain. Consult on dressing changes very professional.
Excellent care!
Excellent care! Dr followed up with me the following morning. Called again 2 days later + advised to return to ER - admitted
Excellent care!!
Excellent care!!
Excellent care.  Care - Stay.  A great hospital XXXXXXXXXXXX.
Excellent care. Glad to have a hospital nearby when we need it.
Excellent food very friendly staff
Excellent for the triage nurse I was taken care by 2 very kind and caring young doctors, not nurses. they arranged the follow up check up - It is not possible to give a clear picture by answering yes or no. The one thing I am puzzled by is why not are the unupholstered chairs covered or exchanged by wipeable ones in the waiting area? I had to wait a little for the entrance to be clear when I was ready to leave and I sat down on the same chair I used when waiting for triage and one of the doctors told me that it is not a good idea to sit there, because sick people used those??
Excellent friendly department Glad to have you so close by Live in XXXXXXXXXXXX, (unreadable) all doctors + nurses lovely people! Thank you. We appreciate you!
Excellent help from medical staff. Doc explained every test - xray he gave me!
Excellent help when needed along with big smiles.
Excellent hospital - very personal, compassionate, and thorough I was impressed by the followup call I received from the hospital regarding my CT scan results
Excellent nursing care They were timely, compassionate and tentative I couldn't have asked for better care.
Excellent nursing care. PA was fantastic as well as ladies who did all tests. EKG. Blood all tests, dr. did great job (unreadable) me up for follow up drs.
Excellent stay in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Great team of workers.
Excellent!
Extremely quick time to get care.
Family assisted to write patient's answers 1 phone for 2 patients!! Infection?? Staff assignment fragmented - different nurse every 1-2 days - nurse seldom able to answer questions from family & very busy - meds frequently crushed when not required - including meds that shouldn't be crushed - led to bowel bleed, UTI not treated for several days - staff didn't repeat or explain things & I have memory problem.
Fantastic service Kind Fast Efficient
Feel nurses in ER are overworked & dr's could do better in diagnosing problems instead of rushing patients out
Felt good about my stay - Have good follow up at a haematology clinic in XXXXXXXX
Felt I was a bother to them, because I wasn't seen enough Need more staffing, they are very busy
Felt I was treated very well.
Felt my fracture of wrist could have been explained in more detail!
Finances are tight but dignity, respect and privacy are free.
First and foremost This hospital gave great care the doctor's and nurses dietary + housekeepers excellent. The only thing that surprised us was that it seems more like a long term care facility, not many younger patients
Follow up to next doctor in hosp. very back within 2 weeks
Follow up visit in (6) days took 8 hrs to examine + change medication
Food I found the food unappetizing and some time taste less XXXXXXXXXXXX
Food was excellent
Food was terrible and Covid made my stay worse, no visitors, I did not eat anything served during my over four days. For my last breakfast I was served scrambled eggs in a lump and two pieces of dried toast. I asked to be released to the care of my wife an adult son ... I checked out in a matter of two hours, I have to say that although my hospital stay left a lot to be desired I came home with no shortness of breath and feeling much better.
Food was terrible!
Food was very good.
For 2 1/2 weeks never given a shower One sponge bath when my wife realized I hadn't had a shower
For 6 hours - no food or drink of water
For a holiday XXXXXX in XXXXXX in a small town near summer cottages the wait was not too long, hospital staff all very friendly & helpful. Some other patients ere rather grumpy & miserable at the length of time they had to wait
For a rural hospital & numerous visits over 5 months, the care was always good given the number of people waiting On XXXXX I was administered Pipradol went into anaphylactic shock. The doctors & nurses were wonderful and professional in helping me deal with the situation I went to emergency 7 times from XXXXXX to XXXXXX. A computerized information scheme would have assisted the triage experience
For deaf patient, they (hospital) require to call an ASL interpreter for emergency easier communicate with deaf patient by ASL. Contact Canadian Hearing Society website it's by law. Thank you.
For emergency department I feel good. Nurse and doctor to take care of patients 100% and respects.
For the most part it was quite an experience
For this visit, I had such a bad infection that I had too go back daily for 3 days for an IV antibiotic While I was there the dr wanted too do an ultrasound on my face (which was badly infected) The tech took it upon himself too stick a tongue depressor in my mouth so hard that it caused me a lot of pain and also cut the roof of my mouth
Found examining room very clean.
Free parking available. Friendly service, value your time.
Friendly competent staff.  They did an excellent job of handling my stay.
Friendly staff! Always had a good interaction/visit with the doctors/nurses/technicians. Thank you!
From Attachment - When I went to emerg the lady who took my med. history could do with a smile on their faces When your not feeling well a little smile can help you feel a little better and not so upset or scared Happen twice. Trying to help
From XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Get more doctors on call
Get more nurses one more (unreadable) each shift
Getting more help so I don't have to wait 8 hrs.
Going I knew I was not ABC I knew others were more serious problems are seen to first
Good care during visit.
Good care in and out
Good doctor - just helping out in the ER
Good quality people.
Grateful for this hospital. I suffered a stroke and received great care from start to finish.
Great assistance and care provided by XXX thank you for all that you do!!
Great job by all staff through these difficult times they all get my respect for the job they do.
Great job!
Great patient care during this time of this Covid 19 I appreciated the care of the medical staff.
Had an ERCP done in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - went twice to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX afterwards -> doctor said I should have gone to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for the pain as they had all my information. Sharing information between hospitals would have made my visit easier. XXXXXXXXXXXX - 20 minutes from home. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - 1 hour from home. Pain was too severe to go the distance. Thankfully, same doctor at both visits this week and he knew my history so I had no problems getting the right medication for my pain.
Had sciatica very bad. Pain was the worst I ever felt in my lifetime. DR. XXXXXX gave me a shot (I think it was naproxin) Pain was then bearable and I got sleep after 3 days. My doctor XXXXXXXXXXX gave me naproxin pills and another pain pill. Good now.
Had to be transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on XXXXX/nurses & doctors gave excellent care.
Had to return 1 week later for repeat blood work - that visit was a very long wait to get the results The emerg dept was very busy
Had to wait at the registration desk The 2 clerks seemed to have problem and took 5-10m before answering.
Had urine & blood tests done Never saw a doctor After an hour I had a nurse practioner arrive with my results. She said I had a kidney infection and was giving me a prescription for two weeks. Nurse came in with a pill for me as it was XXXXXXXXXXXXX and the pharmacy was closed by the time I got out of the hospital.
Had very good hospital care
Happy to have our smaller hospital close by.
Hard to know who was the doctor.  Nurses were very busy  Food was very good.  Nurses were friendly.  Staff was very caring and helpful
Have always received the best of care.
Have ambulance emergency in separate for care from where the walk ins come
Having a heart problem I am looked after quickly. There is one doctor Dr. XXXXXXX that really don't know much. Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX from XXXXXX is great knows what he is talking about he told me I had had a heart attack - he right on you can call me if you want. XXXXXXXXXXXX
Having the flu etc, sometimes I did not comprehend correctly
Heart have pacemaker mitral valve 2 heart surgeries open 1-stein 5 graphs bypasses pericardial
Heart patient should not have to sit in waiting rooms for hours. I know I had a heart attack in fully and to go back in XXX with chest pain. They put me waiting room at 3 o'clock come and got me at 3;30 for bloodwork and EKG. Then back to waiting room. Come around got me at 10 to 6 PM put in a room in emerg did not see a doctor until 7:30 that's a long time when your in pain and I answered you questions as best I could because I only spent 1 night in XXXXXXXXXXXX when I taken there in XXXX and they said I had had a heart attack they sent me to XXXX where I spent 6 days from XXXXXXX until the XX I this helps you. XXXXXXXXXXXXX You all need to talk to me my phone number XXXXXXXXXX
Helpers should not use the same washrooms as the patients. Note - nurses and doctors should still wear uniforms that tell you who they are. Now, a person cannot tell who you are leave outside clothes special for doctors and nurses most of the doctors wear a white coat overall
Hopefully this attached letter will explain why I answered questions 11,20, 23, 30 and 31 the way I did. I had been to the Emergency Department on XXXXXXXXXXXXX. I ahd fallen and was experiencing acute pain in my back. I was seen by Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX who sent me for x-rays and he informed me that I had broken rib #8 and prescribed Tylenol (he also let me take a picture of the x-ray). This visit went very well. I returned to the Emergency Department on XXXXXXXXXXXXX as I had rolled over in my sleep and the pain had gotten much worse. THis time I was seen by Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX. He asked me why I was there and I told him that I had broken rib #8 on the left side of my back At this time he became very belligerent and asked me how did I know that ... had I been for x-rays? I told im yes, that I had been up to emerg on XXXXXXXXXXXXX and had x-rays done at that time and that the dr. had told me that I had broken rib #8 and then showed him the picture He said that it might only be a cracked rib and not broken. He then pushed hard on my back in the area of rib #8 and then when I almost fell to the floor and could hardly breathe or talk his attitude completely changed and it seemed like he no longer thought that I was self-diagnosing and actually believed what I had told him. He immediately prescribed Morphine and told me to go home an rest and to take things easy. AFter he had pressed so hard on my back I was in substantially more pain than when I had originally injured myself. I ahd to go to my dr. on XXXXXXXXXXXXXX and was prescribed more Tylenol and an anti-inflammatory AS I said earlier in this letter my first visit to emerg went very well but hopefully I will have NO further dealings with Dr. XXXXXX. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Horrible experience. The nursing staff does not check in with patients. Overhead nurse refer to a patient in a manner that was degrading to her colleague. This is the worst hospital that I have ever visited The nursing staff is unprofessional and incompetent - triage nurse spelled medication incorrectly on intake The only decent part about this hospital is the Chief of Staff, who is genuinely trying his best I would never recommend this hospital to a loved one or complete stranger 12 hour wait and filthy ER rooms adds to this terrible experience
Hospital in need of better doctor
Hospital staff were caring - pleasant with me Thanks to them. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Hospital staff were very receptive towards the person I supported at XXX who has a developmental disability - very willing to use her language/words - tried to ease anxiety - allowed support person to stay overnight.
Hospital visit was XXXXXXXXXXXX. Don't keep medical journal so did the best I could from memory! NOTE: for a small hospital care was very good - staff were always accommodating and I'm glad I have this facility to turn to as my "Golden Years" haven't been so golden!!
Hospital workers all deserve better hospital
Hospitals need money!!!
Hot food was served on plastic dishes and was usually lukewarm making it less the than appetizing and palatable I am aware that the hospital is an older building but the lack of air conditioning made it very uncomfortable during the extremely hot summer
Housekeeping staff is overworked. Another patient urinated on the floor in a door way and staff walked through it for an hour & 1/2 before it was cleaned A stool sample in an open contain was left in a waste basket all day Foul smelling soiled open left in the hall for hours.
I am (unreadable) I am grateful to have this service in Canada.
I am a reg n. was employed at XXX in the emergency department I was well taken care of.
I am a XX year old XXX is excellent
I am answering this for my dad who has since passed. His stay was very good. Excellent nursing staff there. Could not have been happier with his care and the arrangements made for him to go home. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXX
I am deaf man heart failure.
I am filling out this form out on behalf of my father who is XX years old & has dementia - son (POA)
I am formerly from XXXXXXX & have had a couple of hosp. stays over the years Most of them are clinical & professional. Your hosp is all that & more! Staff are amazing & care is personal & warm!
I am grateful for our hospital "XXXXXXXXXXXX" It has always been a great hosp + the community could NEVER do without it The staff are awesome. I have lived in this community since XXXX, have used this hosp + they have always gone beyond.
I am happy that the emergency dept is there for me. I appreciate all of the excellent care I have received over the years. Thank you
I am happy the service that given to me on this emergency department as this is my 2nd accident that happened and sent at by ambulance to this department and they are very friendly, efficient of what they do. I would like to thank you all for the wonderful service you've given to me and to all patients that coming in and out of your department, kudos to all. XXXXXXXXXXXX
I am happy with the emergency at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I am new to the area & was very pleased with my care.
I am so grateful that we still have our local hospital. I'm confident knowing I will receive professional health care, specially in an emergency.
I am thankful to have a hospital close by and appreciate all the help I received during the last 2 visits. Thank you all
I am typing this for my Aunt but these were her answers. She woke up late on the XXXXXXXX morning dizzy and feeling unwell and was worried she was having a stroke. We arrived around 1 PM and did see triage almost immediately. Then we waited. At 4:20 she was taken to an examine room. Then we waited. At 7:40 we saw the doctor who ordered some tests. Basically the answer was that if she hadn't had a stroke by then, it wasn't a stroke. We left the hospital at 9:45. An awful long day for a XX year old.
I am very grateful that we have this level of care available in our community. I have A Fib issue and some osteoarthritis in my knees - otherwise my general healthier excellent & I still work 6-8 hours most days as a farmer & consultant.
I am very happy to be close to hospital  I live at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  We are connected to the hospital.
I am very pleased that we have the great staff and hospital that we do  I would recommend it to anyone.  The care was excellent and the procedure information ws detailed to my satisfaction.  Thank you.
I am very very scared in hospitals never could sleep.
I am white but do not think THAT way We are all human and are sisters and brothers!
I am XX years old and some of ? I really don't understand. Did the best I can
I am XX years old. This is a great hospital.
I am XX, my health is up & down at times
I answered honestly, the level of care there is truly high.
I appreciate our health care system. Would not want to live south of our border.
I arrived at 5 am at the emerg dept. to hopefully avoid lines. It was XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. The waiting room was empty and 2 people were in beds inside. It took 2 hours for the dr. to arrive in emerg. Perhaps he was napping? The treatment given resulted in my being bedridden on XXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I arrived at the Emergency Department and was ahead of another patient who was with an emerg. nurse from this hospital. I waited 5 hours for help. The other patient did not seem in distress & went for lunch & several smoke breaks while waiting as she asked if they called her name could I come and get her. She was called in before me I asked the nurse why she was extremely rude and did not have an answer this hospital has the worst reputation and I have talked to many people who feel the same way I waited another hour and no one came to see me so I left I had fallen and could barely walk as my knee was badly swollen I had to go to seek alternative therapy and this is what we pay taxes for it is atrocious!!
I attend this tiny hospital with a great big professional top notch service program.
I attended the Emerg. Dept. 2 nights in a row. I have answered the questions based on both visits. Very satisfied with the care I received. Saw the same dr. both nights.
I believe the use of nurse practitioner is a very beneficial asset in procuring patients that are not in dire need of medical help, and hopefully takes the strain off doctor's time allowing them to focus on more serious injuries on illness.
I came from XXXXXXX to live in this area. It's a blessing to go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX compared to some of the hospitals in XXXXXXX. The people here are so pleasant.
I came to the emergency department right at dinner hour. I was the only patient there.
I can not answer any of these questions as I don't remember going to the hospital.  I was in pain from 3 broken ribs.  I was given heavy medication while I was there as I was told by friends and I don't remember being brought home.  It was days later that I finally could think straight.
I cannot remember it my husband was with me the whole time and is filling this in for me.
I can't remember the doctor in emerg but he sent me to a dermatologist on XXXXXXX in XXXXXXX the next morning we went and Dr. XXX did a biopsy and diagnose me with lupus, a huge thank you to that doctor
I consider you're hospital to be the best I have been to a few and trust me, you're the best I make a point, of telling everyone that Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXX
I could not have wished for better treatment.
I couldn't have asked for better care than I received. I am truly grateful for the care I received. Thanks to all the staff at XXX.
I did not get much help with washing & bed making. I found the staff fairly slow in answering bell!
I did not ring the bell very often but on three separate occasions I waited over three hours for the nurses to respond.
I did not see a doctor during this visit I saw a nurse practitioner. She was very thorough and called me to give me the results of the culture
I didn't receive my formal diagnosis information until I read my discharge papers  That information would have been nice
I didn't see a nurse or dr just nurse that registered me. I had a bladder infection saw a nurse practitioner who was great - told me my problem and gave me my pres and I was on my way.
I do not think the doctor was local He was dismissive and almost rude. Nurses were fine.
I do not understand how closing the curtain around a isolated patient in a ward can be the proper thing to do
I do understand that my visit was in the beginning stages of a pandemic, but the doctor who was assigned my chart didn't even bother to LOOK at my chart. He had brushed my concerns off and had rushed me out. The triage nurse was so wonderful and so attentive and suggested that some tests should be done, yet nothing was done. All I was told was to go to the gym. I love my hospital. They're always so great. This experience however, was rough.
I don't go unless it is serious. It has to be an emergency.
I don't know how any hospital could look after the patients any better than I was cared for at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I don't understand why the meds I brought in with me were not returned I had new prescription for all my meds. Probably all I had brought with me were destroyed.
I feel doctors & nurses were very considerate and professional in every way.
I feel the doctor made me feel like I was abusing the health system, having had these symptoms before which I tried to tell him but he wouldn't listen Sent me home finally after 2.5 hours still in pain and antibiotics that I couldn't fill until next day, he made me feel I was a drug seeker, I never asked for pain meds I have not been to any emergency in 8 years, previously.
I feel the nurses are doing the best job that is possible with the number of patients they are required to look after at one time.
I feel they are hard working under funded good staff. We as a community should be thankful and proud of them.
I feel they did an excellent job at looking after me. They also made a call to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and I had an appointment there for the XXXXXXX at 10:00 clock. I went to emergency department XXXXXX night. Excellent care.
I fell in the hospital & the nurse finally came in & asked me what I wanted & I was laying on the floor. I hit my head, elbow, ribs, under arm. She said I never did. No one was in the room to help me to dress to go home, I went into aFib & had to stay. Another time the nurse told me that I was the only one on this side, so not to ring the call button for an hour. I was treated like someone who didn't matter, just because you're old XX they treat you like dirt & I am pretty sick of it. The meals were terrible, I lost 12 lbs, I weigh 75 lbs now. The front of the hospital looks really good but when you're in there it's bad. The nurses attitudes stink, I hardly ever rang the bell unless I really needed to. The care I got was no care at all, I hardly ever got washed & I was so weak I could hardly do it myself. You asked me for my opinion, I gave it. There's a lot more to tell but no one seems to believe me, thank you for your time XXXXXXXX PS I was also told that when I was in the hospital the last time that I had a twisted bowel, nobody told me & my dr didn't tell me. I don't know if she even knew that I had one.
I felt bad coming to the ER for a minor infection, but I was unable to get an online or in-office appt with my own dr, and the usual walk-in clinic I might attend was closed because of COVID-19. I had 2 subsequent visits to your out-patient clinic to resolve my issue
I felt I was looked after in every way possible With many thanks XXXXXXXXXXXX
I felt that I was thrown out of hospital & was told you can take 2 stairs so you are ready to go home. My husband refused to take me so they had to order a wheelchair talk to a nurse following (unreadable) to bring me one to help me to get into home I have 9 steps to get in home
I felt the staff were too busy to give me their undivided attention
I find that the hospital tries to put you through as soon as possible I prefer getting my xray or c scan done here as you almost get right in Very clean, excellent care Staff seems happy & that passes on to patients. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I find XXXXXXXXXXXX a brilliant emerg dept and I'm very grateful.
I found it stressful to be in close proximity to other patience, who were in delicate situations due to their health and their needs I had difficulty sleeping and felt on edge and nervous. This was my first time in hospital for a length of time.
I found the doctor to be very rude!
I found the doctors and nurses to be kind, patient and very helpful.
I found the staff to be really good and caring about what was going on. They were overworked but still took the time to make sure things were going ok with me. You could not ask for a better hospital. Thank you so much.
I found the waiting room cold
I got a Covid test and ask if I needed to isolate and was told no by the dr and never got a call about the covid test. I was referred by XXXXXXXXXX to go in or would not of went The dr was rude saying I should not of been there.
I got the help I required!
I had 3 consecutive visits to the ER (unreadable). My 1st visit was over 6 hr & one male nurse that I didn't appreciate. The nurse practitioner & drs. were excellent.
I had a fall and hurt my foot. Had to come back for more xrays and then go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for xrays & be fitted for a boot for damage to my ankle.
I had a heart attack 20 years ago. On morning of XXXXXX I had chest pain, nausea, sweats, headache. I tried nitroglycerin, did not help. I was concerned. Doctor performed numerous tests but nothing conclusive I did feel embarrassed to have taken so much time. The doctor reassured me that I had done the right thing in going in.
I had a injury to my face from a home incident I required stitches. I was in and out in 45 min it was amazing
I had a long wait but excellent service from the nurses and doctor once seen.
I had a new dr who was still being overseen. He was caring, thorough, and took his time to ask questions before examination to be sure, he then talked to other dr for 2nd opinion. Very professional.
I had a suspected stroke & had to wait approx. 4 hours to see a doctor.
I had a swollen eye ball the doctor didn't come in 6 feet or more of me never looked at my eye or did an eye test he miss diagnosed my eye & thankful I was able to get ahold of my family doctor & was able to take allergy medication
I had a very bad fall & got in immediately to see a physician assistant. Prime concern was a bleed on the brain, however could have been discussions on concussions & other facial, knee, rib injuries, & follow up I should do on them.
I had an IV put in my hand. The hand I write with. I had to change medicine bag, dress a wound and see to my personal area with that hand. That was not very kind. Nurse should have asked and used other hand on area I was disappointed in that. Just maybe have a rule about that, think about that for future. Other than that overall, thank you, wonderful care!!
I had been having pain for awhile and it was getting worse Dr. did not bother to remove brace I was wearing on my neck and remove my clothing - to check my shoulder, neck back I felt they just decided in their mind what was wrong and that was it I felt they could have taken a little more time and checked me out better I have always gotten great care from this hospital I was disappointed with this doctor's care and at least could had been a little more thorough and really checked me out. I don't take lightly going to my emergency dept for help.
I had been to emerg the day before but left after waiting for 4 1/2 hours without apparent movement of any patients The nurses are great but overall hugely back logged.
I had excellent care.
I had good nurses with a patient, & would recommend anyone going there. I was treated well.
I had had previous attacks of this type before on a couple of occasions without any results.  I always felt that there was a problem that could not be figured out  I believe that this hospital finally found the problem and have been able to help me.
I had just had severe cancer treatment and can not talk/throat cancer Communication definitely a problem
I had nurse practitioner XXXXXXXXXXXXXX and she is excellent, takes time to explain and this happens to be my second visit with her. I highly recommend her.
I had pulled a muscle in my back that had got irritated. No meds for muscle was prescribed I had to visit another emergency department to get relief the next day when muscle relaxant was both administered and prescribed.
I had surgery at 8 a.m. of that day Lasted 30 minutes turn into (unreadable) from surgery Arrived emerg 8 hours later and was only two people in waiting room. Thought would be quick I was wrong Took 4 hrs to change a dressing I'm very proud of our little hosp we are lucky to have one in small town. Hopefully PC government won't screw that up as they will. XXXXXXXXXXXX
I had to have a CT scan + XXXX treated me very well.
I had to wait 45 minutes to get checked in after I was seen by TRIAGE The girl was on lunch I suggest a back up for her while she is on lunch etc Started to get a migraine while waiting there when my chart could have been looked at Also my previous two visits my chart was misplaced. I was the only one left in EMERG. Not good service However on a positive note I was sent there by ambulance for an allergy situation. I couldn't breathe and was seen by a doctor and stayed overnight in emerg
I had to wait as the health team was busy with a trauma - read death that had occurred there. Once that had been cleared 4 hours, I got good service.
I had to wait for a doctor because injured inmates were brought in with a variety of cuts, bruises etc. and required care right way.
I had to wait one night for a bed on first floor but I know hospital was busy & I was fine until sleeping in emergency
I have a Doctor located in XXXXXXXXXXX, I dislike going to SKYPE doctors, I feel the care that is provided is second rate, when I have a situation that could easily be solved with a visit to Campbellford Memorial Hospital that is where I go, for my long term health care I go to my Doctor in XXXXXXXXXXX. The Doctors at Campbellford Memorial Hospital are great to see for an emergency purpose, not for long term health care which I believe alot of people use it for because they cannot find a GP Doctor in this area. SKYPE doctors are not the answer. The provincial government MUST put more money into the system, the way it is set up now is a joke. From what has happened so far, the government is failing in their election promises. The Doctors and Nurses are overworked and underpaid (just my opinion).
I have always been happy that there is such a wonderful hospital in our small community
I have always been treated as soon as possible. I like all nurses and doctors who has treated me. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXX
I have always felt good about hospital, always recommended it to others, this week-end visit was a write-off, seemed like no one was in charge of things, I entered, + left in dirty johnny gown - no wash  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I have always found XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX quick, courteous and fair. (Most do smile)
I have an ongoing bladder infection that flares up and needs pills to control it. XX years old so what can I unpack. I've had 2 bladder lifts in my XXX + in XXXXXXXX Overall there doing is good job except for the waiting time due to many people to see the doctor.
I have been a patient at XXX since XXXX with birth of 7 babies, several abdominal operations.  Stents in Hosp for back injury, pneumonia (unreadable) over yrs and emergencies w/ my children, grandchildren and my parents deaths.  Never disappointed XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I have been there many times over years for asthma and the staff, dr's nurses are amazing and I always feel safe & well cared for. (XX)
I have been to this hospital numerous times and I've never had a problem with my care.
I have been to this hospital quite a few times the nursing staff are wonderful.  In my experience there the doctors release you before you're ready I almost died twice from that  Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  The hospital needs to be torn down or a complete overhaul  There is no air conditioning in the patients' rooms they have to use fans this cannot be very healthy  I have been sent forms to fill out during some of my stays the doctors & nurses are doing a great job with what they have to work with some equipment & techniques are outdated
I have chronic fatigue syndrome it is often ignored. This hospital/+ staff have been excellent at understanding this and I see an increased awareness as I have had to go there many times over the last 3-5 yrs Thank you -> I would like to be involved in any medical studies trying to solve M/E XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
I have had 2 visits to the emergency in the month of XXXXXXXX. I am not sure which visit this questionnaire is supposed to represent. 1st visit - XXXXXXX. 2nd visit - XXXXXXXX.
I have had 4 ER visits due to my health. The first 2 visits I was not diagnosed and sent home The last 2 visits they finally diagnosed my life threatening issue and treated it accordingly. If it wasn't for the competency of the 2nd last ER doctor I would have died.
I have had 5 hip replacements because of ankylosing spondylitis from the age of XX 1st replacement XX years old. Been in emergency a few for various reasons so I'm quite familiar with protocol and procedures in emergency department. I would not do justice if I didn't remark how impressed I have been with XXX for all my visits to the emergency. I have made a point to tell friends how lucky we are in this community to have such a great hospital. Sincerely, XXXXXXXXXXX
I have had several stays at your hospital (unreadable)  I have never had a bad experience  Would highly recommend it to friends and family
I have lived all my life (I'm XX years old), in the vicinity of XXXXXXXXXXXX, + I'm thankful to have the availability of the hospital XXXXXXXXXXXX
I have never been treated better at any hospital and I have been in quite a few!
I have no complaints about my hospital stay. Drs & nurses went out of their way and then same to make me feel better & comfortable. I can't say anything negative about the in-patient staff Drs & nurses.
I have no complaints about XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I have nothing but praise for the treatment which I received that evening at XXX.
I have nothing but praise for this hospital and all the staff in every department  Thank you  XXXXXXXXX
I have received pathology report that I have squamous cell carcinoma. I have had 22 radiation treatment in the last year XXXX. XX trips to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX cancer 200 miles one way from XXXXXXXX to XXXXXXXX
I have recently just moved to XXXXXXXXX to live with my daughter from XXXXXXXXXXX. We found the care in the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was fantastic. We left knowing that my mother was in good health (she is XX) the care was great. Thank you to all who looked after her
I have some heart problems. I had pain in my chest and jaw. Every thing was OK with my heart. It was acid reflux.
I have to say something about the visit that followed this one: I waited (on XXXXXXXX) with a broken arm & didn't even get triaged. We waited 1 1/2 hours & no nurse came except one who said she'd be back shortly She wasn't so we left & went to XXXXXXXXXXXX.
I have two areas of concern. 1. I had ten teeth extracted and could not stop the bleeding I was at the hospital for seven hours! 2. While I was there I rinsed my mouth several times in the washroom. The washroom was very dirty. Water and soap residue on the counters and floor and bits of paper towel everywhere During my seven hours there was ZERO sanitizing or cleaning A person cam in the waiting area emptied a waste basket and that's all I noticed in the entire time. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I have visited the emergency dept. 2 times in the last 3 yrs. 1st time I waited 6 1/2 hours to see doctor for 5 min. 2nd time I waited 4 1/2 hours to see doctor for 5 min. with no one ahead of me. This is totally unacceptable. I can drive to XXXXXXX go to a walk in clinic in less time than I can see a doctor in XXXXX Emergency dept. I have done this many time. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX shoudl be ashamed of this type of service. I probably will never go back to XXXXXXXXXXX or donate to the hospital again. The hospital should have 2 doctors in should at least a nurse practitioner.
I highly recommend XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to all. They care and the customer service is excellent. You don't feel like you are just a number.
I just had sore leg worried about blood clot. Emergency wasn't busy so got in + out within a hour. I am XX and fairly good health.
I know everyone was under pressure but service was excellent but a bit rushed and even a bit pushy to get done at times. A more relaxed environment would be helpful.
I know space is limited, but if someone comes in and they are coughing and sneezing it would be nice if they could be put in a separate room due to infections. I realize they put on a mask but that is not enough.
I left thinking I had a very bd cough and cold. I kept coughing to the point where I could not catch my breath. I went to the clinic and saw the nurse practioner. She was surprised I was not prescribed a puffer as I was suffering from bronchitis I suffered from this horrible cough for over one month when a puffer would have helped clear it faster
I like to thank all that helped me. I have no complaints. Thank you all.
I live alone - widowed XXXXXX. Severe arthritis. Have had 4 heart attacks & triple bypass in XXXX. Because of the busyness the dr doesn't come in to report the test results until 11:30 pm & I was not told I could go home until 12:30 am. I did not want my friends to be awakened in middle of night to come for me. This nurse was very angry with me because of this and treated me very rudely. Sometime in the night she moved me into a storage room with a very loud motor running below the floor. At last I got to sleep again & was rudely shaken at 4:50 and told I would be going home in a taxi. I was left out in the hall to wait for the taxi. I arrived home at 6 am and had a lot of difficulty getting to my bed. Taxi drive was good!
I love our little hospital, very friendly and they take good care of me.
I love XXXXXXXXXXX They have always been awesome.
I made the comment that medication came from tele help. I made comment that I wasn't dealing a lot with nurses because of covid 19 24 I made comment not till tests came back
I never did see a doctor in my 6 hour wait. There were only three people ahead of me. They the horribly long wait while I was in great pain. I won't make a habit of going to a doctor, so this was one of my most horrible experiences that is wrong with our health system!! Only saw a nurse practitioner.
I picked a bad day to visit ER - storm & rain, loss of hydro, patients by ambulance from 3 MV accidents -Very limited staff
I really appreciated the care while I was given needles + fast put back in place. Very personable + caring keeping my mind off it. X-ray people were great!
I really needed a treatment for my asthma. I usually got a (unreadable) mask, but was told I wouldn't because of the covid virus. The reason was not explained instead I had to go back on the prednisone which I have been off & on since XXXXXXX, mostly because of stress & worry.
I received 1 basin of water (during my stay) (to wash hands and face etc) The rest of my stay, I was told to use the wipes for cleaning myself. Never seen a dietician. I was never asked about my diet (likes/dislikes) I do not eat meat!!! My preference I only drink TEA I was sent coffee - I had no privacy (bathroom) I used a portable toile (beside my bed). The male patient used the (in-room) hospital bathroom He had privacy. I do not appreciate sitting on a portable toilet - with a very bad case of diarrhea many, many, many times; within hearing and smelling (of other patients.) (lots of visitors of the the patients) and staff, with only a thin curtain (only partially closed) even security walked in, while I was sitting on my portable throne. in the room - it was always dark. No outside light - no sun. The curtains were closed - never open. You may say this is a small thing BUT I feel better when I see the sun - not in the dark like a mushroom!!! After assessment triage told me to wait in emerg waiting room. I was feeling so ill, I just wanted to lay down; not sit in a hard chair. Triage nurse could not see how ill I was - she did not see my bloodwork.
I received excellent care before I was sent by ambulance to XXXXXXXXXXXX. I also received excellent care when I arrived.
I received excellent care.
I received exemplary care at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I received friendly, courteous, timely and effective attention to the issue I arrived with. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX!
I said where the pain was and was traveling. The doctor had an x-ray under the assumption where the pain began from - however did not take an x-ray where the pain was. I have had to seek help since this visit.
I shared a room with an elderly patient.  I felt she was not dealt with appropriately.  She wasn't listened to.  Her eyesight & hearing were impaired and this was not taken into consideration.  I am able bodied.
I so appreciate having this facility in XXXXXX & the care received
I spent 7 1/2 hrs in the emerg & left without being seen by the doctor. In that time spent there I was in the waiting room for 3 1/2 hrs and 4 hrs in an exam room in the 4 hrs in the exam room I only saw the xray tech A nurse never came by to check on me or offer a sip of water or to check if I was ok In my opinion there is a difference between being "very busy" and being very slow! I work in XXXXXXXXXXX and feel that the wait was unacceptable without any contact or communication from the emerg staff
I spent the evening in the ER dept and was transferred via ambulance the next day to the cath lab in XXXX for stents
I spent the night in the emergency department due to lack of available bed in the SCU.
I still do not know the status of 2 referrals that were to have been made by Dr. XXXXXX: (1) neurologist appt (2) EEG I know these both take time but I have been unable to confirm that I am "on the list".
I thank all nurses & doctor for a wonderfully quick, kind, and utmost professional kindness & treatment, better than other experiences in the past. Top notch care. Thank you. Ms XXXXXXXX
I think from my experience, there is a lack of nurses Need more They are worked to hard
I think that if I had seen a doctor instead of a nurse practitioner and had a CAT scan the first visit, I could have had my time in pain reduced. I had a kidney stone and they didn't find it with the ultrasound.
I think this ED needs more staff to decrease the wait times, nothing worse than sitting 1-2 hrs before someone comes to help you.
I think we have a good hospital but to slack on people who have habits that go outside when in hospital to have a smoke or whatever if you want help. Now show if
I thought the emerg dept did a great job in good time and showed they cared about doing a good job
I thought the food could have been better.
I thought the food was good and they served drinks 2 or 3 times a day
I usually find this hospital quick but was surprised when they could see that I was in obvious pain and could hardly walk or sit down that I had to wait over 6 hours just to get in a room I realized they were busy but when you see people come in after you and walk out before you it's very frustrating; especially when you are in pain ER doctor was excellent though and felt his diagnosis was correct He was very helpful Triage nurse was not very friendly and made it sound like I shouldn't even have been there eve though XXXXXXXXXX told me to get to emergency immediately. XXXXXXXXXX was supposed to fax all my information over to hospital but when I showed up at hospital, no one seemed to know anything about it or why I was there. Again, it was very frustrating.
I visited at 11:30 PM - I was seen immediately. Staff were courteous + respectful
I waited 3 hrs before I was let in. XXXXXX
I was admitted in emerg XXX w/ a stroke that affected my speech. No paralysis, confusion. XXXX operation/mitral valve mechanical at age XX. Trying effort is keeping INR at 25-35 leaking trycesped value/solution using clips to close leaks (laparoscopically). Have had all preop. Just waiting for a date. Note My history at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - Gave birth to 7 babies there from XXXX to XXXX. - Had several surgeries preformed there. Many emergency calls - myself, my husband, our 7 kids (tonsils etc) surgeries (XXX. - Several of our 16 grandchildren and 9 great grandchildren have had trips for minor reasons. - One grandson (XX) had an emerg - appendix operation. More recently a grand daughter - emergency - was epilepsy diagnosed also. - I was also part of a committee who raised funds to have a C Scan installed at XXX. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Born: XXXXXXXX XXXX
I was admitted with pneumonia, Cdiff, & I had a blood infection.  I was in hospital for two weeks.  I was very sick!  When I asked to have a shower I was told "there was no working shower" the only way I could wash my hair was to put my head in the sink.  I did not have a shower for the 2 wks (13 days) I was in hospital.  I shower every day & I found this to be absolutely terrible!  (Especially with having Cdiff!)  The day before I went home I had a very tiny piece of soap left.  When I asked for some more I was told since I was going home the next day taht the piece I had should due.
I was admitted XXXXXXXX and released to the retirement home. My family was not notified and I was sent home in a taxi. My grandson picked me up again right away + returned to the hospital because I still wasn't stable. The doctor was the same one who admitted me + he was very angry that I was sent home I am XX years old, blind in one eye + very hard of hearing I also have some confusion problems + not understanding everything I am told. They finally agreed to keep me until a bed became available in a nursing
I was assessed very good, especially the nurses
I was cared for very well at XXX  Unfortunately, it was never spoken to me that I had a collapsed lung.  I was aware that I needed to have a procedure done at XXXX to remove some fluid "in a tricky spot" but was unaware of the under lying cause.  I have COPD
I was confused concerning doctors "share information" then patient either take treatment or decline. I was not trained as a doctor to make that decision - I was there seeking doctors advice on a tick, and was given an option for antibiotics.
I was disappointed that the doctor did not x-ray my leg that was causing so much pain as I told him I had broken it about a year ago & had pins & plates in it & was told it's probably arthritis. WRONG.
I was going because of severe shortness of breath. I was told I had the flu - within 3 days of the visit I was admitted to the hospital to cardiology and am now on several medications for heart disease - I was retaining significant fluid - the flu was not the cause and the doctor on duty was more interested in his coffee break than any patient. This incident is being escalated!
I was happy to see only myself in the waiting area - as it was during the middle of the COVID 19 pandemic & I was very stressed to be there in the first place.
I was impress with the care from the nurse practitioner and the x-ray department except for triage I received no contact with any of the nurses.
I was in a bad ATV accident and admitted to hosp. I am from XXXXXXXXXX area but have to say - I have nothing but praise for all of the staff and De. XXXXXX. I thank you all XXXXXXXX
I was in ICU for 3 days and semi private for 1 1/2 days. Excellent care in both.
I was in ICU for 3-4 days & did not or really could not sleep. The noise level in the unit was high - from visitors staying until 9:30 at night and from a very, very belligerent patient. He was loud and verbally abusive to the nursing staff. The nurses were exceptional in attempting to calm him & see reason even though he resisted. The nursing staff were always kind, patient and attentive to me. Is there anything to be done to protect other patients from experiencing this type of situation in the future? I am very grateful for the care I received from the nursing staff. Every single nurse was loving & helpful.
I was in severe pain in my abdomen & back area. I was there for 5 hrs before the dr came to look at me by that time my own medication I took at home kicked in then I was given a needle for pain
I was in XXXXXXXXXXXX because there was nowhere else available.  I believe my case was beyond it's normal scope and I overheard things that suggest I was sent home quickly to protect me from hospital originating illness.
I was misdiagnosed! Emergency nurses in particular are rude, unwelcoming and uncompassionate. They seem very unhappy & unhelpful. Wait time is unacceptable. Poor experience overall.
I was moved often - no explanation
I was not allowed to leave the hosp until I agreed to drive myself to XXXXXXXXXXXX to attend a stress test at a medical centre. When I arrived I was informed that I should not be there, there was no way they could do the test, they were booked solid. They said that they had informed the charge nurse there were no openings for me. So I drove all the way to XXXXXXXXXXXX for nothing because I was lied to in XXXXXXXXXXXX hosp. That being said I was asked to talk to a nurse at the clinic before I left, because apparently I was not looking well. I talked to the nurse and she actually begged me to stay and she would get me in to do a cardiogram and stress test. I completed the tests and saw Dr XXXXXX, who informed me that my heart was OK and I could go home.
I was only there one night then I was transferred to ICU in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was picky re food
I was prescribed Ado-Prednisone some x5 1 a day Which I was prescribed once before. I'm not sure if it is considered pain medication so I did not put it as such in Survey In reference to question #11 My visit was for a very painful episode of gout which they could not relieve any pain except for a prescription, XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was put in a curtained area with c def no bathroom or running water given an x large diaper to wear (135) lbs. So the cleanliness of me was terrible. I felt like a sick homeless person + my daughter ask after she cleaned me up if she could go + wash up + they no. I was covered with feces + blood when she came to sign me out. A lot my pj had to be destroyed. XXXXXXXX
I was quite satisfied with my care!
I was stuck in emergency for 2 days had to use coat as blanket as frozen fully dressed. Even though admitted. No bed available could not even bathe.
I was subjected to a COVID test for no reason & without being asked. The admissions nurse was very rude. My promised treatments were left incomplete.
I was surprised with men and (unreadable) women in the same room. If they are that short of room (unreadable) and some on (unreadable) it that is what the (unreadable) are fore and the (unreadable) was for?
I was there for blood work at the lab.
I was totally impressed. The staff were very cheerful and helpful. The hospital was clean and uncluttered (I've been in others)
I was treated like a animal locked in a cage like at asking the nurse why am not in a room like ignored me, that is why I signed myself out. Was going to complain but did not because trouble Call me XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was treated politely & courteously - considering how busy it was a hospital
I was treated very quickly and was told the results of tests quickly. My stay was good + I was treated with kindness + respect
I was treated very well.
I was treated wonderfully and with great care and efficiency! Once again Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was very cold in the waiting room - over an hour - could have been checked on & given a blanket
I was very glad to have this hospital close All staff have been very courteous & kind whenever I have been here
I was very grateful to the staff for the care I received, even though they are short of staff & have such a heave workload.  You could tell that there were many times that the nurses would have liked to have given you a little more attention or help, but did not have the time.  Our hospitals should not be denied the staff they require to care for the ill.  We pay health care taxes to the provincial government.  Besides our hospitals, our taxpayers, according to the charter of rights, we should not be denied the full extent of health care.
I was very ill when admitted the last time & then again & then sent to XXXXXXXXXXXX - had hallucinations on a cough syrup & was generally confused over a period of a few weeks Finally went to XXXXXXXXXXXX to see the gastroenterologist who diagnosed me with ischemic colitic. I am still recovering but doing well!
I was very impressed and satisfied completely with the doctors/nurses/and hospital nurses were very bust but I got the care I needed.
I was very impressed.  I used to teach in medical school.  Never spent a night in hospital before except 1 night 40 years ago related to detached retina.
I was very pleased with my care on this visit. We got to hosp. at 400 AM but had to wait until the x-ray dept opened to get my chest x-ray - once they came in, I was x-rayed right away & dr saw me within 10 min - excellent care As always Thank you.
I was very satisfied with 99% of drs I have seen. Thank you!
I was very satisfied with everything Thank you
I was well pleased with the way every one treated me And we are very blessed to have a local hospital.
I went at 4 AM because I was puking from coughing and turned out I have bronchitis. The doctor at the hospital walked in and only said "who has a cold" made me feel really stupid.
I went for a leg injury and was treated for high blood pressure.
I went in concerned about my blood pressure numbers and dizziness The ER dr said the levels weren't that high + he could not explain my dizziness + so I left I have been an BP pills for 17 years + my numbers have never been that high.
I went in on the XXX and the dr. phoned a week later + booked me in for day surgery 6 days later. Very good care and very helpful nurses, etc.
I went in with a sore throat but dr was more interested in doing a covid swab quickly looked at my throat but not with a light had to go to dr's office in days to get treated properly for the problem as I couldn't go anywhere while I waited for my COVID swab results
I went to emergency & told the doctor my specific symptoms I was having She seemed to negate what I was saying & was rude She gave me a diagnosis of neurologic - said her husband had it & it's painful & would last for months Thankfully I had another attack right in front of her She called XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX & cardiologist said I was having a heart attack & to transfer me immediately The doctor misdiagnosed my symptoms & made me feel like I was mistaken
I went to Emergency because I do not have a physician in XXXXXXXXXXXX I had no incident but my finger was very extremely stiff & turned blue - the "bruising" started to creep down my hand it was not sore - we were travelling a few days later & I was concerned about something being wrong the doctor treated me with such respect - it was just a bruise - he invited me to return if I was still anxious in a couple of days. The bruising took 1 week to resolve but I was so grateful to the doctor for not dismissing my concerns.
I went to emergency for spitting up blood other situations came up to prolong my care so I waited my turn but if I need pain medicine, I'm sure the doctor would make my stay comfortable. Admin very good, nurse very good but busy, and doctor was one of the best I've ever met. XXXXXXXXXXXX
I went to the emergency dept because at present I have no family doctor.
I went to the Emergency Dept to get a referral to a knee doctor. There are no walk in clinics here and I don't have a doctor. I didn't know what else to do!
I went to the ER due to a migraine when my usual medication did not work The care was great, however the migraine was not helped. The med which is used was not in the pharmacy. The doctor was not happy as a supply should always be on hand. Then, the next step down med was also not at pharmacy, and the (unreadable). Three different migraine IV medicines were not in stock; therefore my migraine was not treated Dilaudid was given to me by the doctor, as a pain medicine.
I went to the ER for Atenol overdose (25 mg - 50 mg) - that was cured but I went home with an overdose of Perindopril of 8 mg - to 10 mg (max is 8 mg) - It has been (unreadable) to 8 mg!
I would definitely recommend XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I would give this emergency department a high rating.
I would have preferred to see a doctor not a nurse practitioner Was not impressed with her at all.
I would just like to thank everyone that helped me.
I would like it if they would offer to wash a person or ask if they can help?
I would like the first floor nursing staff for their amazing care and doctors.
I would like to get a copy of my blood test every 3 months as to keep you informed! A sheet of paper looks better than 34 PS I have not received the document before now. My doctor care was believe in doing annual check-up He looked at my (unreadable) and listened to my chest once - 10 years ago! My age is XX!!! The (unreadable) doctor never saw the blood test showing HIGH sugar for 3 years until I forced the clinic to change him!! PS #2 XXXXXXXXXXX We just received a letter of apologies from the emergency dept of the hospital for the fact that the emergency did notify me usually on the phone that indeed I had a cracked rib #94, and it had been loosened at the foot in my back (ie my fall backward in my incident). My wife who worked (unreadable) for 40+ years was simply appalled by the delay of 7 days. (XX to XXXXXXXX) to hear of the x-ray results. Looking at the calendar I realized it happened during XXXXXX weekend but usually results are available within 2 days, (unreadable). In the letter just received how the hospital blames the delay of the results to me to the radiologist! (unreadable) Regards, XXXXXXXXXX
I would like to mention a particular nurse XXXXXXXXXXXX who exceeded on the CU. She was always exceptionally professional in doing tasks with a smile on her face.
I would like to see drs that really care about the people they help. There seems to be a problem with healthcare workers treating people poorly for some reason in my opinion IE lack of respect Speaking down to people, lack of understanding No compassion or empathy
I would like to state - if patient has stroke or heart attack they should go to XXXX not XXX so no time wasted. If they go to XXX they have to be stabilized before transporting to XXXX - don't waste any time. I have no complaints about XXX
I would like to thank all doctors nurses & staff for their wonderful care. Thank you
I would like to thank all those who looked after me and the detail in which they analyzed my condition. The further tests that they requested and were followed up by the hospital in a very timely basis (within 5 days) . These tests showed a blockage in the ureter tube on my right kidney. This blockage turned out to be a very aggressive cancer that required immediate surgery which was done within a month at PRHC. I believe that if the Campbellford Hospital had not been so thorough that the outcome of this visit could or would have been completely different! Thank you Campbellford I am forever grateful!
I would like to thank everyone who was so kind to me during my stay
I would like to thank my doctors and nurses for everything they did for me.  It made me feel comfortable in my hospital stay.
I would make sure if I had to be admitted again I would ensure I had a family member or a paid private nurse to ensure I received nursing care consistent
I would not characterize my visit to the hospital as a true emergency. The reason that I went there is that I was unable to see my family doctor and the injury required attention.
I would recommend XXX to anyone with a medical problem.
I would return to this hospital after the excellent treatment I received.
I would say a real thanks for Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for taking very good care of me
I would to tell you just the long waiting in the emergency department is the problem but everything else is good thank you very much for this survey instructions
Ice storm caused the delay in emergency. There were a lot of patients for falling injuries. I was one of them. It was unusually busy
If even a hospital stay would be nice - this was.  I owe my life to the hospital, staff and EMS people.  I can't say enough good things about them all.
If I ever need emergency care - I always go to XXXXXXXXXXXX The care is excellent!! The doctors care and always made sure we have gotten to the end result Nurses are sweet and care is done quickly Thank you!
If I have an emergency I will go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX first. I am happy with the care I get there.
If I have to comment on anything it would be the doctor. He was pleasant but did not explain to me what my issue was or what the medicine he prescribed was going to help with. I found out more information about my condition from the nurse + pharmacist He seemed in a hurry to get me out and go to the next person.
If the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX team made themselves available when a patient was in need, I wouldn't be burdening the hospitals emergency services However, I do get far better comprehensive care from the hospital
If you are in ICU you need to rest this is almost impossible when you have 2 patients beside you with Alzheimer's yelling all day x night.
I'm always scared in hospital stays  The staff on 2nd floor were amazing  This was my first stay at XXXXXXXXXXXX.  I was so relaxed
I'm glad they were there Great bunch of people. The food wasn't so hot.
I'm sorry for being late! Finding the cause is a work in progress, but I have only positive memories of my care at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Thanks to everyone!
Immediately upon entering emerg dept I was not sure exactly where to go to see first person. Maybe check signage (realize I did not arrive in ambulance).
In all my hospital stay was good. I had excellent care. When they could no longer help me they immediately transferred me to XXXXXXXXXXX Thank you XXXXXXXXXXX
In general I was looked after very well I was happy with my stay.
In my opinion, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX gets a triple A when it comes to looking after patients The doctors + nurses were very professional and very kind.
In the seven house I was in emerg I was in a bed with the (unreadable) up possibly I had had a stroke. Never was I offered water or asked if I needed a washroom. There were no paper cups in the room nor toilet nearby
In XXXXXXXX went to emergency dept for pain I had later sent to XXXXXXXXXXXX with cancer The reaction in XXXXXXXXXXXX to XXX was instant in every way.
Inadequate parking facilities
Informing family members of testing, meds and results from any testing
It is a busy hospital and they always give best care possible I used to take my husband there - he was always attended to immediately and given best care possible
It is a shame that wait times are so long this visit which was almost 4 hours was one of the shortest times on one visit it took more than 8 hours. On this visit the woman beside had been 7 hours no excuse for those long wait times especially when you see staff & doctors standing around & chit chatting Send me a survery for hospital stays & I can tell you how badly I was treated for 7 days my doctor even told me she would support my complaint if I filed one because she saw & heard the disrespectful treatment I had.
It is a slow night when you first arrive in most ER visits
It is a small hospital that cares and provides better care then most hospitals Every experience we've had a XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has been excellent - great - staff and reasonable wait times Thank you!
It is essential to have in our community and does as well or better than these 50 km away.
It is very hard to compare this hospital with newer or larger. The doctor was excellent. My biggest problem was my roommate - I feel more care should be in who is with whom in a room.
It takes time of the Covid-19 so many see going to emergency when they cannot get into their own doctor.
It took so long because there were several ambulances + only one doctor.
It was 1st class treatment thank you.
It was a good experience. I got information about my injury in a timely matter and info on what to do if it didn't get better.
It was a good hospital. All staff - workers was very polite
It was a great experience. I was happy to get excellent and quick medical care. My doctors office was closed due to illness. I had an infection and was very happy to have it clear within a week of my ER visit I tell everyone XXXXXXXXXXXX is wonderful
It was a very caring + concerning visit. Doctor's + nurses very attentive as all my visits have been over the years.
It was a very good and important visit for us. We're so happy and proud to have this hospital and an amazing staff in our area.
It was all OK.
It was early morning so there was only one other patient there. I thought I had something in my eye but it was just scratched and irritated No big deal! Thank you for helping me out!
It was excellent
It was in the middle of the night, so very quiet. However, myself & family have always had good care here.
It was the nurse practitioner that I saw and she was fantastic. Very professional and efficient.
It was unfortunate there wasn't a nurse practitioner on duty the day I visited. Made for longer than usual waits with only 1 doctor on duty.
It was unfortunate to have such a terrible experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. The nurses and doctors were so unhelpful and had NO empathy! Not impressed with their services to say the least.
It's been a wonderful facility to get help. It is very busy sometimes but when in pain, it is recognized and taken care of - a much appreciated place!
It's excellent. Not sure what we would do without it. Hope we never lost it.
It's nice to know we have a emergency dept 5 mins from my house 24 hrs each day.
I've had 18 addresses in 56 years of marriage. From Germany, East Coast to XXXXXXX have visited numerous emergency rooms with four kids & myself this was by far above any other one Atmosphere was super Royal Blue privacy curtains everything clean, didn't smell like a hospital doctors & nurses where wonderful even a little joke here & there Smiles you where made to feel like you where to only one even though there were other patients. The experience made me feel if I had to go to emergency again it would be okay I'm not sure how they could improve XXXXXXXXXXXX
Just a few hours later, went to another hospital & was admitted to ICU.
Just be checked on in waiting room I'm XX and no one could come in with me I don't remember some things to say as good as my relatives With the virus I was there alone
Just that 7 1/2 hours is about to long. We are lucky to have the hospital here but they just had one doctor 3-4 nurses working and I was in pain and so was other ones
Just the long wait considering it was quiet and I was only one in emerg.
Keep up the good work
Keep up the good work.
Keep up the great job you folks do!
Less time in the waiting room.
Like all hospitals and nursing homes the housekeeping staff need a wake up call, or maybe better managers
Liked that I didn't have to wait to see a doctor - a nurse practitioner was capable of handling my malady and I believe that this is the reason that my visit was so relatively quick.
Make sure when it is a stroke patient someone opens their food pkgs. Thanks.
Male wonderful Most of nurses - perfect
Many of the nurses obviously did not read my complete chart as they had no idea of the limit of my limited physical capabilities.
Many visitors to a single patients each evening some stayed overnight in ICU noise all night long find virtually unacceptable had to rely on friends to supply lost a lot of weight + general fitness over the 8 day stay Had to release myself - an unpleasant situation developed
May I say, the nurses doctors and staff off XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX went over and above for me and my wife, job well done! XXXXXXXXXXXXX
May stay was a good experience and I was well cared for
Meals was good.  Nurse and staff were excellent
Meals were good but not hot enough when served Nurses could have used assistance for minor task Physiotherapy was excellent
Medicine that was given to XXXXX at home wasn't given to her at hospital
More compassionate care
More nurses practitioners
Most current recent visit was during pandemic. Very good experience + speed if visit due to no pt's in Er waiting room!!
Most of my injuries came from my seizures.  But when I am restrained I get hurt.  Out of the 1000's of seizure I've had just holding my head is good.  Every time strapped to stretcher or steel side beds I get fractures that take 6 to 8 wks to heal.  Just have a seizure I usually recover within 24 to 48 hrs.  All I usually have is bumps + bruises + scraps no big deal.  I'm on wk #5 and ribs still not fully good, still hearts to breath + get food or drink into stomach Overall I feel the people + hospital did a great job.  This was a very bad flu season.  All that was best could be done under circumstances
Most of the time the hospital is very busy so it meant take hours to get help. The last time I was in they took me right away I was very sick.
Much better than any other hospital.
My B/P was 160/100 only one concerned was triage nurse never checked again. Left feeling like it was a waste of time going to emerg I did try to make appt at my own dr but unable to Still feel unwell.
My concerns how long I waited several times when I pushed the call button. Most times were at best a 15 minute wait and two times it was over 35 min + I had to call the front desk from my phone to get help my IV was not working correctly + I needed someone to look at I as it alarmed for a long time. Very contacting. FYI - this is a common problem there. A client of mine had to get her husband to call front desk as she had to go to BR + waited over 20 min each time. At least if they would acknowledge the bell + makes sweets not something serious like I am having a heart attack or bleeding out waiting 35 minutes for response is unsafe.
My condition is multiple myeloma advanced stage, therefore very difficult to treat.
My doctor retired in XXXX. I no longer have a family doctor therefore the emergency dept. is important to my family at this time.
My doctor sent me there to have fluid drained from my lung so the fluid could be tested.
My doctors office sent me to Emerg Dept for further testing (CAT scan + lab) concerning a medical condition that was on going. I received the best care possible at this Emerg visit.
My dr office unavailable resulting in my trip to emerg. Explained that to dr. had phone apt with clinic who told me to go to emerg. Dr was less than helpful.
My emergency visits so far in XXXX have been related to the IV medications and complications related to the venous ulcer on my foot. The nurses assigned to me by XXXXXXXXXXXXX are unable to put in an IV line. Most of my visits only required a nurse to put in an IV line.
My experience with the doctor was excellent
My family and I feel that I was rushed and pushed out to go home. The attending physicians did not know or understand or want to about my mental capacity or did not communicate adequately with family looking after my care.
My first visit it was incredible! I usually go to XXXXXXXXXX and the difference is night + day. The staff was courteous and caring when I first walked in the front door I was greeted by a volunteer worker - 15 seconds and they guided me to the right area and explained what was going to happen. Excellent!
My friends (POA) were my advocates & most info was related to me through them. The staff all were quite thorough explaining to them what was happening.
My health complaints were not assessed or diagnosed accurately. My emotional state due to lingering illness was considered to be mental illness and my records were falsified!
My husband and I moved here in XXXXXXXXXX. I have found the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to be of excellent calibre. Staff always pleasant and efficient thank you for the service
My husband was in hospital 4 1/2 months waiting for nursing home so I'm sure mine was stress related.
My husband's brain was damaged from too much anesthesia I have answered for him, and it will never clear up He is XX.
My initial emergency visit here was prior to transfer to a trauma centre due to a serious injury. The emerg MD was preparing to discharge me as the injury was inadequately assessed. Fortunately a RN intervened, and I was further assessed & ultimately transferred to a trauma centre I was repatriated to XXX and my survey applies to this time of care.
My issue comes from how much the staff interacts socially while I'm lying there in hour 6 still in pain. Over hearing them chat about their new hair cut, where they're going for dinner or what great bargain they got while I lie unattended for over an hour is annoying. I watched the lab tech walk past my door KNOWING she was there for me, then listened for 15 minutes while she 'caught up' with one of the nurses back from vacation ... if they want to share vacation photos ... do it AFTER you've drawn my blood ... cause I WANT TO GO HOME ... definitely felt like no one cared at all that I was falling asleep in the room at the end of the hall ... and you ask would I recommend this hospital? its the only one around for miles, so not a fair question
My issue is a normal run of the mill UTI that I get 2-4 X/yr - could not get dr appt XXX of long weekend I wish there was an Express for something like this. Especially with Covid risks
My license was suspended because a doctor failed to recognize my condition.  I am very upset.
My long wait was because there was an accident case ahead of me.
My mom is XX & gets very confused.  Very bad short term memory.  In for bladder infection.  She was let out at 4:30 PM & very confused.  I traveled over 2 hrs to get her & no one really explained her meds or condition clearly.  Dr filled out prescription wrong & had to pay full price for it out of pocket.  My XX yr old mother arrived home at 8:30 very confused & tired.  Should release elderly earlier in day.  Thank you.  Otherwise she was well taken care of.
My mother was pleased she was able to get care by going by ambulance to the hospital. She was pleased with the medical staff as well I spoke with the doctors after and he was superb
My nurse was excellent & I felt confident & comfortable with his care I did not feel confident with my doctor & looking online at rate MD there are a lot of others who feel the same.
My overall stay was excellent. My care was the best bar none. The biggest problem I saw was that the nurses and cleaning staff were under staffed! There needs to be more emphasis on hiring and retaining full time nurses at this hospital.
My POA was not told anything  The nurses would not discuss my meds with my POA as I wasn't sure why they were giving me them as I was not taking them before I was admitted.  I was not explained why I was signing forms either, I had a paper put in front of me and the lady said to sign it  I had no idea what it was for.
My stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was as good as it could have been giving the fact I was having a heart attack I saw the attending doctor upon my arrival, he informed me of what he felt was going on and that he was at the end of his shift From that point on I was taken care of by XXXXXXXXXXX who I assumed was the next attending doctor but only when I was being transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXX by air ambulance did I learn he was a nurse This was much to my surprise as his care to me was excellent, he was very attentive, did much to ensure my pain was controlled and was key in getting me transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXX. Many thanks to XXXX for his stellar caregiving skills XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
My stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was excellent.  I was treated with compassion & care by the dr and nursing staff
My stay was for 67 days 1. During stay my family spoke with a doctor 3 times 2. Not washed or changed for days 3. No bath for 3 weeks as there was no hot water 4. My family was never informed as to why I was admitted to hospital It came out later that I had a bladder infection. I had a bladder infection at least 2 other times during my stay 5. I was left unattended in the bathroom, fell backwards + hit my head + shoulder 6. I was very unsteady on my feet but it was decided by nurse practitioner that I could be released back to my home at a retirement residence with no assistance being arranged 7. Requested a family meeting with discharge coordinators and XXXX representative I felt I was not being listened to and my family felt they had neglected me and my care and they were talked down to
My treatment was life saving thank you from the bottom of my heart!! XXXXX
My two experiences with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX have been very good. My stays have not been long my first stay was in emergency dept for a few hours the second stay was overnight. I was admitted to a bed the next day but the doctor felt it was not necessary for me to be admitted and I was let to go home that evening my stay I had was very good Nurses and doctors were very good.
My visit in question was for what turned out be my second heart attack. Finally diagnosed at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Given my history of heart disease and the fact I told emerg at XXXXXXXXXXXX I had pain in left arm to fingertips I should have been sent on to XXXXXXXX or XXXXXXXXXXXX It was another 2 days before my sister took me to XXXXXXXXXXXX I could have died
My visit to emerg, I had a nurse practitioner looking after the great lady! Very thorough!
My visit was because I had shingles (she) the doctor (oriental) said I did not but yes I did seem my family doctor, this is the second time she misdiagnosed me first time 2 years ago I came in had cracked ribs and she said I did not when you sent my x-rays to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX the technician seen them and called me to get to my doctor I was in so much pain couldn't breath (it was my back right middle ribs) couldn't stand was slumped right over could barely speak, my husband had to do most of the talking for me I also had a bad cough so I am sure you can imagine how much pain I was in especially when having cracked ribs she sent me out with absolutely nothing and I got to wait for 5 hours. She is the worst doctor that I have ever seen in almost 58 years. She is oriental mid XX's she was pregnant 2 years ago when I was in for the cracked ribs Last visit she was not pregnant Also I have cracked my ribs 4 times in the last 25 years so I do know how it feels and I can also feel the rib or ribs let go and hear it when they let go (as well as the pain going through me) she said oh no I must be wrong. I am sure as you can see I am not impressed with this so called doctor I have seen other doctor's in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and they were all fine except her. I cannot be the only person that has complained about her I think someone needs to look into this doctor (woman) I hope that you take this complaint seriously Mrs. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX PS Feel free to contact me XXXXXXXXXXXX My family doctor is in XXXX, but we live here 2 hours away
My visit was good care very thorough - had an x-ray, EKG for chest pain. Although I thought (knew) it was my asthma re (dr) wanted to ensure it was a collapsed lung or heart attack XXXXXXX
My visit was very good Friendly, efficient staff.
My visit with the health department was extremely efficient and timely without delays The only thing missing is somebody informing me how long the procedure will take approximately
Need a ring cutter
Need more doctors
Need more doctors too long to wait
Need more dr on staff to treat patients
Need more staff The staff is overworked and understaff. Overall they do very well!
Needed better cleaning to be done  This patient has died.  Please don't send anymore as this is the second one received  Thank you!
Needed surgery  Not available at XXXXXXXXXXXX so felt time was wasted waiting to be sent to another hospital
Nice nurse Very helpful
Nice people. Quick visit
No - the triage system works well!
No but glad to be home
No but would like to see a dialysis clinic here
No certainly happy XXXXXXXXXXXX has this wonderful hospital
No I didn't want to fill out a questionnaire.
NO THANK YOU.
No thanks, everything was great. Best hospital I've ever stayed at
No well done
No. Covid-19 was in affect!
No. Service + care (treatment) were quite satisfactory.
Nope it went all (unreadable) in these times and people where nice to me
Not admitted to a room stayed in emergency and transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXX in the morning Excellent care and communication from all staff involved in my care
Not enough doctors on staff 1 doctor running the whole department.
Not enough nurses.
Not equipped to handle the problems I have, breathing oxygen levels, lung problems.
Not impressed with the x-ray tech. -Wondering if he really was an x-ray tech.
Not very thorough Had to return for same medical issue
Not where I would prefer to go!
Nothing I had quick excellent care I was in a lot of pain as I had fallen, so I appreciated how quickly I was looked after.
Nurse practitioners in emergency department XXXXXXXXXX went over + above her pay scale with her caring, understanding and compassion It was a night that was over the top extremely busy.
Nurses & dr's excellent. Care givers patients well looked after. Ms XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Telephone XXXXXXXXXXXX.
Nurses (XXXXXXX, XXXXXXXX, XXXXX, XXXXXX, XXXXXX, XXXXX) all superb! Dr. XXXXXXXX was WONDERFUL!
Nurses great Drs not very good
Nurses were very kind and understanding.
Nursing staff on 1st floor were an amazing bunch  There is usually "one bad apple" but during my stay they were ALL good
Of all hospital I've been a patient in this was the most pleasant dr. nurse & treatment and service staff included XXXXXXXXXXXX
On any time I visited this emergency dept. I have always rec'd wonderful care by compassionate + caring doctors & nurses. Sometimes I have had to wait quite long but that's only when other cases are more urgent, which is completely understandable! Thank you!
On my first trip a Dr. X walked in 1 door - told a nurse he has never seen my infection - get x rays ; walked out another door. Gave me a prescription. Didn't sign it second time I saw him - again at the end of bed, he mumbled to a nurse & left. Never said a word to me!!! Had 2 great nurses in day surgery for a few days - they actually gave a dam about their patients My roommate & I were moved there at 10:00 pm
On my visit there was a military doctors assistant there. He was great, and was able to give me more attention and time. His being there made this visit much better than normal.
On the whole went very well. Practitioners was great
On XXXXXXXXXX I visited the emergency dept XXX times. This survey reflects my experience on the XXXXX visit I was misdiagnosed by Dr XXXXX. My XXXXXX visit hours later with Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was a far more positive experience.
One concern - volunteers entering a patient's room should be a protocol to announce their presence or request permission to enter, or even know - it was undignified - embarrassed + upset when in the bathroom with nurse's assistance and volunteer entered saw the situation door still open did not leave until I asked by my daughter to do so.
One doctor on duty, having travelled far to work for too many hours in emerg dept.
ONe nurse made my experience not as good as it could have been Everyone else were excellent! Long wait in waiting room even though v/s unstable dehydrated. Then long wait in a geri chair. Finally a bed in the ER. Doctor upset it took 2 hours for IV to be started. I feel this particular nurse feet like he was a doctor. I was in the ER the night before with better v/s then when admitted and was immediately put on a stretcher with IV fluids
One of my medications delivery time was not removed from my chart (pm to am) so I was given more medication than I required.
One of the nurses was pretty brittle didn't see to care about what my concerns were. I must have been too much of a bother for her. I am a large person and do not fit the gowns provided she wasn't impressed. Neither was I about the gown or her attitude. Why are there no plus size gowns. Really.
One question that was not asked is the time of day of the visit. Which I feel is very important as to wait times. My visit was 3:30 AM. When no one was in the waiting room.
Only issue was placed in room & had to wait several hrs to be seen or that someone would come & check on me.
Only one doctor in EM. if CEO would cut salary in half - one more doctor could be in EM. The board should be more aware where of where their money is spent. It should be on doctors & patient care
Only that I had a lot of pain in my ear but had subsided a lot before the hospital so time to me was not an issue
Other people think they haven't wait two long. I tell them if your sick all night you will wait.
Our XXX is a asset to our area. Always get excellent care & attention I highly praise XXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
Our XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and nurses are great.
Over 6 hrs. way to long to get into Emergency Dept.
Over the past 40 years I have had to use the emergency dept at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX about 7 times and have always had good service. I appreciate the care from the staff
Over the years I've been to XXX a few times and have never had any complaints about the service I've received It's a super hospital and a great comfort Thank you.
Overall the staff has been excellent to deal with. Thank you.
Overall the staff is excellent.
Overall visit went well, no serious issues. All is well now.
Overall, the care was good, but the length of wait for the xray was very long. Nurses did not seem to take my injury/accident seriously. Ended up with a fractured elbow doctor was excellent with this visit and follow-up.
Pain meds didn't come as quickly as needed  Dressing could have been checked more often (leakage)
Patient experienced a subsequent "event" while still in emergency.  Monitors and alarms all went off loudly but no one came.  My spouse had to run to nurses station - 3 nurses sitting around having coffee - spouse grabbed one & said "something very wrong" end result was air lift transfer to another hospital - very upsetting that spouse had to run for help and staff not responding to alarms.
Patient was XX years old at time of visit 1 doctor 3 nurses - at emergency 7:30 PM emergency dept 9:30 PM pill pain 11:48 dr. 1st time 12:00 Xray 12:50 Xray no breaks dr. examined & told to go home at 1:00 AM with tylenol
People were good just need more help 8 hours to see a doctor is a long time I felt sorry for other people waiting.
People with fragrance allergies should have an area away from beg. waiting room where they will not be affected by ER patients wearing fragrance, especially if this is the reason you are there!
Pg 2 of med list for discharge not filled out I left with a forgotten venous catheter in my right arm I took it out at home
Please excuse the (unreadable) Everyone I know prefers your hospital My visit was unfortunately the (unreadable) of a car accident someone caused to me - long term damage after having (unreadable) Was excellent physical health before
Please give a DNR to all emergency departments for XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Please use my name for reference as to excellent care rec'd at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX Please advise them of my appreciation for the care I rec'd XXXXXXXXX evening XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pleased
Presence of family was reassuring because they had been with me all the time and understood my other difficulties. Too many would of caused confusion. Quick response to find cause was reassuring - Dr. was calming.
Problem discovered was stage 3 leg ulcer on left ankle - concern was for possible blood clot. None was found out am still receiving home nursing care every three days to treat the ulcer and change the dressing. Excellent caring nurses. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX PS Instead of spending money on mailing out these surveys why don't you supply them directly to the hospital with instructions that each patient be allocated one copy on release from the outpatient dept. and include a copy of your letter as well as a prepaid envelope. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Prompt/courteous/supportive & informative from the moment of arrival til my departure Emerg dr ordered further testing (head and spinal MRIs) and diagnostic imaging dep't from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX called 3 hrs later to set up 2 appointments Exemplary service all around!!
Put more doctors on floor.
Question - 30 I wanted pain to stop but I understood more serious patients were treated before me - that's the way it is extremely busy place no complaints
Question 32 33 34 I understand they are busy
Quite a long wait (a XXXXXXXX p.m.) but realize others probably needed quicker response i.e. (ball player) - Very concerned care - Have heard many excellent reports concerning your care + concern XXX
Re question 11/12 - the nursing staff were excellent, the attending dr. not so. He spent very little time examining me, was very abrupt in his examination of my very painful abdomen. He told me to go home & come back in am for a CAT scan. I had to ask for something for pain - he seemed dismissive of what I was experiencing, then said, "well I could give you some morphine & gravol" Then slapped my thigh & left the room (he did the same thing again the next morning after I had the CAT scan & he gave me the results). I found him very unprofessional & with a deplorable bedside manner He never introduced himself nor did he wear a visible name tag so I have no idea who he was My rating of this experience reflects totally on him and not the excellent support staff.
Received excellent care @ XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX & it is an important part of our small community.
Received fast help and wonderful care from the doctor and nurses.
Response to Yes, somewhat - its not clear. Very busy night - One of the questions should refer to how busy was the Emergency Dept This would have a huge impact re "how busy" the Emergency Dept is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Ref. 41 - Is there anything else you would like to share about your Emergency Department visit? 1. XXXXXXXXXXXXX, approx 10:00 p.m., admitted to Emergency Department, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - reason "accident". - Doctor on duty: Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - Emergency Department: a very busy night! - Injury: not life threatening. - Doctor's evaluation: assessed situation, froze area, waited for freezing to take place then sewed gap up on leg - 18 stitches. - Timeframe: 4 hours (10:00 p.m. - 2:00 a.m.) - Doctor and nurses were excellent; the doctor got called out a couple of times and the last six stitches I felt as the freezing was gone. Dr. XXXXXXX did an excellent job and I am thankful. 2. XXXXXXXXXXXXX, 2:15 a.m. - admitted to the Emergency Department, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (it's a one hour drive to reach the hospital). - Experiencing a lot of pain just above where my wound was; I am not one to complain but it didn't feel right and decided to drive to the Emergency Department. - I was seen immediately by Dr. XXXX, he gave me two pills called Cephalexin; prescribed it for a 10 day period and ordered an ultrasound - the concern being a blood clot. I was instructed by Dr. XXXX that after the ultrasound I was to go to the Emergency Department nad not leave the hospital. Timeframe: 1/2 hour (2:!5 a.m. - 2:45 a.m.) - The hospital phoned me the next morning with an ultrasound appointment scheduled for 1:00 p.m. XXXXXX afternoon on XXXXXXXXX. 2. XXXXXXXXXXXXX, 1:00 p.m., ultrasound department, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - I was taken right away and had the procedure done - very prompt and efficient. - Timeframe: one hour (1:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m.) - 2:15 p.m., Emergency Department - As directed by Dr. XXXX, and the ultrasound department, I checked in the Emergency Department to await the results of the ultrasound. - The Emergency Department has a full house and was extremely busy. The doctor and nurses were literally "run off" their feet. Doctor on duty: Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - "Wait time" to see doctor for results 2:15 p.m. - 4:45 p.m approximately, called into a "waiting room" and I sat for another hour. - Doctor came in and gave me my results from the ultrasound - five minutes, the wound was redressed by a nurse. A total of almost four hours to tell me my ultrasound results were normal. - Timeframe: 2:15 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. A SOLUTION: absolutely an emergency situation has "top priority" , but for me, I am not a priority but I wonder if it is at all possible to say, after the doctor hs read the normal results - no blood clot; release it to a nurse/nurse-practitioner and have them give you the results. This would free up much needed space. There is such a shortage of doctors and nurses plus funding issues. I so appreciate all that the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has done for me. We have a wonderful health system - we are very fortunate as Canadians.
RN suggested to go to emerg because of infection in legs should be put on antibiotics Doctor was rude and said what do you want the to do? RN sent bag with wrappings (coban) from legs (strong odor) & dr didn't even want too check it out Dr eventually gave antibiotics any other emerg visits have been professional and helpful. Dr must have been having a bad day Questionnaire answered by XXXXXXXXXXXXXX (wife) because XXXX has dementia
Roommate constantly making noise day + night.  After she passed away, her body wasn't removed for several hours incl. visiting hours when this patient had visitors.
Rooms are cramped. Every bit of furniture is old. Beds are new. New hospital needed here. Food was excellent. re #21 question hospital very old a new one would be wonderful. Staff are doing their best and they are great. More nursing staff needed to help, short of help.
Sat in a room away from anybody that was so cold for 2 hours - said the dr would be along Gave me a work sheet 1 hour later no dr. Nurse says take Tylenol (Upset) Months later find out it was IBS
Saw the nurse practitioner not the dr
Sent to XXXX 2x and spent 3 weeks in hosp for my problem. Stayed at XXXX for my problem.
Severe pain in wrist and lingering thought and think brother Did NOT take x-rays Too many times have gone there and they have lost samples etc therefore waited forever
She died  Husband did survey
Should be able to do more operation in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Should have some thing to keep mind - games - scratch - tickets -  To keep your mind working floor shuffle board (unreadable)  Shuffle board table  XXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Simple visit x-ray confirmed 2 compressed vertebrae in spine Reinjured an old injury. Great hospital Thank you!
Since I was only patient in emerge staff was slow before attending my severe pain Didn't come in immediately Were good once they started looking after me
Since it was not busy in the emergency dept., I expected the nurse to be more invested in my care he was not projecting a good "bedside manner My thought..."I'm just a number, interrupting his day!
Small hospital Many elderly people. Need more accommodations for these people, to free up space. It seems more geriatric hospital But I had good care thanks
Some of the best people I have ever met
Some questions are way too personal and I don't know what purpose they serve. Why should it matter what nationality I am?
Some visits I have been at the emergency department over 5 hours one visit I was told to come back because the doctor was not there
Sometimes have to wait a long time.
Sometimes it is not possible to get appointment with family physician when needed, especially when a X-ray is needed. It is good to have a hospital to go in these situations.
Soon as I arrived in emerg, they check my heart - said it was good, then stuck me in the waiting room from 3 PM to 10 PM. While I listened to staff, laughing, talking, having a good time! I was dehydrated & hungry - that they treated me for - hours later. I believe I suffered my 1st anxiety attack. I thought I was dying. My heart pressure went through the roof - that's why ambulance was called!
Soon to be Dr. XXXX was extremely helpful, and there is no doubt he will be a great doctor.
Spent 90% of the time with the doctor 10% with the nurses. Trip -ear flush x2.
Staff and food excellent.
Staff chatting about their personal events may contribute to long wait times
Staff great.  Hospital very clean.
Staff was excellent food was very good
Staff was excellent. Food was good. Every staff member had a smile which made my recovery easier. XXXXX and the physio staff got me moving quickly. The kitchen staff were friendly and helpful.
Staff was great looked after me well  The food was great  Great care.
Staff were very caring and considerate of my parents needs.  XXXX (patient) said he was very appreciative of the care he received from everyone at the hospital  Thanks to all
Still waiting for results. Phoned in but too busy to give me the x-ray info.
Such a good hospital.
Super friendly, fast, concise, informative. Best hospital experience I've ever had.
Take me off your survey list This is my last one I'm doing
Terrific community health care facility!
Tests were done over and over and the results were never reported to my family and then I receive a bill to pay for these tests but if family was asked we would of said no and family think that we should of been told about costs.
Thank you
Thankful for the concern and care given to a XXX year old.
Thanks to the staff & doctors - and the ambulance guys who brought me in.
That if it wasn't for XXX dr's I would not be here to fill this out as well as XXX staff everyone is awesome when I come for any reason I am thinking of changing to XXX as my hospital. Keep up the good work.
The 2nd nurse was rude wondered why I was there should have gone to family dr. (was not available) told I should have gone to walk in clinic.
The Alzheimer patients are very noisy & kept wandering in the rooms as well as mine. A fight between them had security to break it up.
The answers apply to my XXXXXXXXXXX visit. Not the to emerg I had on XXXXXXXXXXX 2 days later the XXXXXX visit had better (much) results. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXX
The bathroom in room XXX was in seriously bad shape  Caulking around tub + paint on walls in very bad condition
The best  Lucky to have it
The best care after my heart attack & went to XXXX. They sent me hom on the XXXXXX I ended up at XXXXXXXX on XXXXXX. They put me in ICU & cared for me for a week. I mean cared for me I love this hospital for care & food & staff.
The best emerg place available to us locally
The best hospital I have been in.  I was in another hospital 1 month before and not happy.
The care and service was excellent. It always has been @ XXX.
The care at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was excellent & very thorough as always.
The care at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was great. The little hospital with a big heart, small town atmosphere XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The care provided was first class, much of the facility is showing it's age & needs replacing but the care provided could not have been better
The care was excellent as always.
The cleaning product used was very strong and smelled bad.  The food was catered to the elderly patients and not suitable for me.
The day we visited the emergency department were not patients in the waiting room. So we did get quickly service! Thank you very much!
The doctor (Dr XXXXXXXXXX) went above duty. He found a serious health issue I did not know about and got me into a specialist to have it dealt with
The doctor prescribed percocet to me for pain management at home without discussing my tolerance level to pain medication, how often I take pain killers, what kind of pain killers I usually take or if I have ever taken percocet before. I refused the percocet and asked to T3s instead. I was very upset with how easily the doctor prescribed such a heavy pain medication without discussing it with me There is a serious issue of over prescribing of pain medication and is affecting society negativity, so why are the doctors at this hospital just giving (unreadable) prescriptions without discussing it with the patient The doctor never even asked me if I was already taking percocet or if I had ever taken it I found this very unprofessional and disturbing.
The doctor referred me on to a specialist & made the appt for me for the next day.
The doctor should have ordered other tests (U. Sound) bld. culture. If the doctor listened to my concerns that my condition had twice spread within hours, maybe he would have ordered IV antibiotic - Next day after 6 hrs I did receive 1st dose IV antibiotic.
The doctor that I saw was not the most caring person! Did not want to hear what was relevant to the problem that I was there for *No bedside manner at all! (XXXXXXX) he told me.
The doctor that saw me was very pleasant and easy to understand. As always I choose to go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX over any hospital around here. Just wish wait times were shorter.
The doctor told me a kidney doctor from XXXXXXXXXXXX would contact me in a couple of days. They didn't contact me til a month or so later, plus called me asking for the wrong person.
The doctor told me that my problem was age related, I do not understand what this is supposed to mean. Then he just gave me medicine to mask the problem, and I am still in pain everyday.
The doctor took a swab of a rash I had and called me 1 1/2 days later with the results (Shingles) She sent a prescription to the drug store where I could pick it up Overall good service Thank you XX
The doctor was exceptional He spen over 1/2 hour with my daughter trying to figure out what happened to me He was very involved and attentive, professional, kind and polite the nurses were wonderful also Was very happy with my stay
The doctor was surprisingly rude didn't take me seriously because of my personality and asked if my problem was physical I knew the pain I was having wasn't heart related He ordered a picture of my heart cause I said pain in my chest was rib related not heart. I now have a doctor starting the end of XXX thank God.
The doctor was very helpful I had problem with my eyes He arranges for an appointment for me to see an opthalmologist the next morning in XXXXXXXXXXXX
The doctor who saw me was very condescending.
The doctors & nurses worked very fast & very interested in my care. Happy with them all
The doctors and nurses need praise for their work. They are working so hard. They must be exhausted. They need a lot of credits, they don't always receive.
The doctors and nurses were caring and considerate at all times and I received the best care I required and was discharged within 1 hour and 15 minutes. Excellent job.
The doctors and nurses were great
The doctors and nurses were great, very professional and cared about my concerns, the 6 hour wait for care was almost unbearable.
The doctors care was adequate but he did not introduce himself to me at first meeting.
The doctors gave me excellent care
The doctors or nurses could have been more informative what the tests were for and explain the time span (4 yrs) between tests. Generally everyone was nice and courteous. Maybe I should have asked more questions
The doctors were impersonable. I am a senior, but I was very disappointed with these whole 3 visits. No pain pills, no antibiotics - red going up parts of my leg.
The doctors, nurses & all staff were excellent. I received great care & never felt that I wasn't in good hands. The doctor & nurses made sure I had the necessary follow up appointments with the specialist so I could get the courtesy care I needed. I appreciate how quickly that all came together. I would like to thank Dr. XXXXXX, the nurses & all the staff for the excellent care I was never worried about the care I was getting they are all a great asset to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
The Dr + nurses were very, very nice. And very helpful.
The dr that I had was very frustrated in able to give me care. As she waned me to have a CT scan & was told "No" only for emergencies * How did they not know mine wasn't! My previous experiences at this hospital have been very poor Long wait times & poor care! I had a appendicitis and my husband ws told to take me to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX as no one would treat me at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Very disappointed with Dr XXXXXX!
The drs & nurses often said "I don't know" to my question. No one physically touched or examined me. Some questions I left blank becuase the survey is too long after the incident - sending it the next day would be better.
The emerg triage nurse???  Did not take the information Re a previous seizure & the way I felt into consideration.  3 hr wait I had to be transferred by ambulance to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  That 3 hours could have cost me my life (low sodium & dropping).
The emergency dept was excellent Nurse XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was very excellent - She explained + listened Why did I have to wait until 430 pm (XXX) XXXXXX to be released by Dr XXXXXX - I was given 3 prescription to fill - but my drug store XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX closes @ 300 pm. on XXXXXXXX The nurses tried to get Dr XXXXXX to release me - he took his sweet time. This experience with Dr XXXXXX - totaling ruined an otherwise positive experience with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I'm not sure if the notes on this doctor get passed on by you I hope you will pass this back to the hospital board.
The emergency doctor at the time of my visit was falling behind, in the first two hrs of my experience only one person went into the actual emergency dept rooms and only 2 people came out.
The emergency doctor, while very nice, did not seem to (unreadable) experienced pain, being willing to suture the cut (11 stitches) without (unreadable), and not presenting any pain medication other than regular tylenol. I later obtained a prescription for tylenol C (3) from my doctor.
The emergency is so slow a person could die 7 times over before being seen by a doctor
The emergency staff was very considerate & thoughtful I appreciate all they do - not only for me but all who go there. Especially in these trying times.
The employees were very polite and respectful to me.
The first doctor I saw left mid-sentence to answer or call He came back 40 min later and talked about my tattoo and upcoming vacation rather than getting to the point. Didn't feel like he was listening to me He was quick to prescribe me Dilaudid even though when I had it IV at the hospital I told them I felt no relief from the pain
The food @ the hospital was not the best.
The food was always lukewarm and very high in carbs
The hospital & staff are completely A1
The hospital care was very good The nurses & doctors were wonderful My care was very good from the staff and nurses Our hospital staff couldn't have been better XXXXXXXXXXXX
The hospital emerg was clean! Practice great 4-5 potential. I waited 4 hr to see dr for a 1 minute assessment!
The hospital feels and smells like a nursing home. It is unfortunate that it takes as long for nurses to respond to the call button. THere was so many elderly people in hospital when I was there, and when they pressed the call button because they needed help to go to the bathroom, they never got any help in time. That is why the floor smelled so bad.
The hospital food was excellent.
The hospital is grungy and needs cleaning and an upgrade, refurbishing.
The hospital is in poor physical shape Small bathrooms w/ limited hot water, multiple beds crammed into room leaving little room for pt movement Increasing fall risk, dirty walls w/ peeling paint, limited pt privacy as no barrier around nursing station thus confidential pt info was heard being discussed by staff
The hospital is old and could be updated, however the people working there are second to none - right from volunteers up to doctors and everyone in between I was treated with friendly respect and compassion
The hospital is very small and the staff is very friendly and care is very personal. Due to my "illness" I did not need an abundance of medical attention and as a result nurses were always checking to see if I needed anything!
The hospital needs mroe doctors on duty + off Unfortunately we need more punching in the system Thanks for the great care I received XXXXXXXXXXXX
The hospital should invest in a few more water jugs for whoops!!! patients with diabetes  My fellow roommate was constantly thirsty at night and was unable to have access to water.
The hospital staff nurses and doctors was very good to me and my family.  Thank you.
The indifference and lack of personality in doctors and nurses. I understood that its not a social club but a smile on a kindness however small goes a very long way when one is feeling ill and or in pain.
The issue of a "do not resuscitate" form to be signed was very poorly handled by the "emergency doctor". Inappropriate and very crudely done. "You don't want 3 or 4 broken ribs and a tube put down your throat do you?" Needless to say the form was not signed for this situation. Very upsetting for all. The call bell light on the midnight shift was always flashing for the cubicle. It was out-of-order. How would anyone know if needed for help? Apparently this was not the first time for this problem according to staff. A family member was there to help at all times - but what would happen if they weren't. Never admitted to hospital due to overcrowding. Remained in emergency.
The kindness and caring from the nurses helped me feel I was in the best place and being given the best care.
The lack of respect and answers to a question asked about how C diff is transmitted & made my stay horrific All I wanted to do was to protect myself because I was being given immune suppressive therapy I ended up with C-diff thanks to lack of proper procedures of staff and patients
The last doctor I saw in the hospital emergency department he was great and helped make it better.
The last visit was wonderful. The staff were nice and I was in & out quite fast. I was very pleased.
The male nurse was so kind and best over to make me feel comfortable. He was a very kind heart + he should be a doctor.
The meals are real good. They always brought my (chocolate milk) very good XXXXXXX
The meals were good  The nurses kind + helpful  No complaints
The medical staff that took care of me went above and beyond, I received excellent care and thank you all for the great service. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX gets 10 stars from me. Hugs.
The night I had to go there it was not a bas busy at it usual is.
The nurse brought me a warm blanket while I waited which was much appreciated. I was shivering and fevering Great care
The nurse gave me more information about my condition than the doctor. The problem I found is that never having had blood clots before I was not equipped to ask all the questions I needed to ask.
The nurses & doctors don't care about the patients that come in there they just want to get to the next one because of how busy they are my sister witnessed a (unreadable) happen right after walking out of the telehealth clearing her (unreadable) she walked out the door went to the ledge & jumped my sister ran to tell the nurse she was told oh well we will call 911 we are to busy that's pretty sad. I am a XXX & I would never go there again or send anyone there.
The nurses & the doctors were the very best. The 2 ladies in my room were in bad pain & would not quit talking or screaming.
The nurses and cleaning staff, etc. were very pleasant and helpful.
The nurses I had were exceptional.  Always smiled at you and seemed very happy in their jobs
The nurses were good with my wife and family. XXXXXXXXXXXX is a good hospital
The nurses were very kind to everyone and very efficient.  The little head doctor (woman was very good and easy to understand and gave the best of care regarding testing ecg, cat scan - blood test and "bingo she found the problem and knew how to fix it - hurrah!
The nurses were very upbeat + attentive making my stay feel safe + secure
The nursing staff was excellent and professional but most of all they all seemed caring and dedicated and committed to there responsibilities. XXXXXXXXXXXX
The nursing staff were very upbeat + seemed happy in their job, which is difficult at this time due to the extra work + stress dealing with covid 19 it certainly helped the patients feel much better dealing with their circumstances
The nursing staff work incredibly hard.  They have a lot on their plate during the course of the day.  I have great respect  for them.
The only complaint I would have is that the staff was changing shifts and triage forgot all about me. Perhaps someone should check the triage waiting area as soon as they change shifts.
The only problem was that I visited emergency with a fractured wrist & couldn't be x-rayed as it was 2:00 AM. I had to go back the next morning for any x-ray.
The only thing about my visit to XXX I would change would be to have my ER doctor speak more fluent English
The only thing I wish I had was help getting to the x-ray room. The doctor just asked me if I knew where it was + I said yes. So I hobbled down the hallway of the emergency room & then down another hallway. Every step was painful should of had assistance.
The only thing I would complain about is the food
The patient was discharged too soon - was unable to care for himself - lived alone was unable to feed or toilet himself  He was disabled, also diabetic  Only one leg  Left arm unusable  Could not transfer himself from chair to wheelchair.  Did not take meds  Was almost unconscious when found - was rushed back to hosp on XXXXXXXXXXX and sent to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - kidneys failing  Died early morning XXXXXX - should never have been discharged!  May still be alive otherwise  Per XXXXXXXXXXX  XXXXXXXXXXXX
The people that work there do a very good job and never complain. But I believe that there should be more staff to help. Think about how you want to be taken care of when the need arises.
The problem that takes me so often is due to pain from occasional bowel blockage.  All the doctors I have had in the Emerg Ept. have told me to come before I experience vomiting.  One occasion was due to immediately developing an irritation (unreadable)  The Emerg Dept doctor were excellent  I not know which visit this questionnaire refers to  I receive excellent care
The register lady (window across from emerg.) was very helpful and friendly.
The special care unit was very cold and the problem was not addressed quickly.
The staff are great!
The staff at the hospital are very caring & courteous  It's always clean, any problems are addressed right away
The staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX are second to no one. We are very fortunate to have the hospital & them there.
The staff was excellent. There needs to be MORE STAFF so that folks are not waiting 8 hrs to be seen. Food needs to be given to those there for 8 hours!!!
The staff was great and the food was good too was in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX the staff was great the food was the worst never ate while I was there, Campbellford is a great hospital and the food is good too and the all the staff is fantastic Thank you for all of your help, XXXXXXXXXX
The staff were all very professional & caring.  I was alone in emerg but felt safe
The staff were awesome, but the hospital needs more doctors please It was a busy night - only one doctor available + she appeared to be visiting
The staff were mostly very caring. The food was good  My aftercare has been good
The staff where very caring but the wait time to see doctor was very poor. The triage nurse diagnosed the problem and provided a solution but as I had to wait 5 hrs to see only doctor for 2 mins
The stay was good in general just a little slow
The support I received from the doctor on the night shift was excellent One nurse on nights and one on days were excellent in their support and care
The time I was in XXX the flu was around & I got it as well as my other problem.  The staff were very good and worked so hard for us all.  They get all my credit for the way they cared in spite of all being so sick.  XXX
The time to get need to pick up But all all in is very very good.
The timing of my problem was off peak. I was lucky.
The triage nurse gave me a CTAS level of 2, and I was promptly sent for blood work, ekg, etc. Once they got the test results, which must have indicated I was not at risk, I was sent to one of the ER rooms where I had to wait for over 2 hours before a doctor came to see me and let me know about the results of the tests. During that very long wait I was very worried because no one had indicated that I had nothing to worry about. It was a very stressful experience.
The triage nurse was abrupt and made me feel I was bothering her upon my arrival. After hearing I was another employee of the hospital she became friendly. I was very disappointed by her attitude!
The triage nurse was excellent the nurse in room wasn't as approachable or personable.
The two immediate room mates were very noisy all day and night One cried and moaned about pain - the other one was very loud and complaining when ever awake.
The visit was during our terrible time due to the difficult system of wearing face protection and using hand washing after every visit.
The visit was poorly handled and it seemed that I was a "bother" to staff. My problem is acute and requires surgery XXX has a poor reputation + I experienced it 1st hand!
The volunteer guiding me through the department (triage, registration etc) was also excellent! Now if I could just find a family doctor and leave the ER for emergencies!
The volunteer worker in emerg was exceptionally + compassionate + offering providing me water, warm blanket - trying to assist when I was not able to set/find comfort as I paced the hall The triage nurse was very good = understanding. I had x-rays within a 1/2 hr. (10.30 am) then waited till 2 pm to enter a patient room however didn't see a dr. till I said I was going to leave at 5.30 pm I indicated that I had not had anything to eat nor more importantly any meds -> pain medication since 7.30 am + needed to leave so I was in need of both. Within 5 mins I saw a very helpful dr.
The volunteers were superb - welcoming and helpful
The wait is too long
The wait time between entering the emergency department and seeing a triage nurse is to long I had severe chest pains + had to wait 15 minutes and there was no one before me. Once seeing a triage nurse, care is usually outstanding But there is always a long wait to be triaged which adds additional stress.
The wait time was unacceptable. I was also given 2 pills with nothing on my stomach in the time it took to drive home. I was throwing up. My immune system is compromised I think I should have been isolated
The wait was far too long. I understood that more serious cases would be taken first but I saw (and spoke to) others go through quickly who were no more serious than me. I waited 7 hours for an x-ray and was offered nothing for pain. My husband asked for an ice pack and water for me.
The waiting period was very long 6 hours
The waiting time needs to be examined. The waiting in the waiting room is not to bad but I find once you are placed in an examination room it can take up to 30 mins + an hour before a doctor comes in.
Their service are fantastic.
There is a dilemma in my answers on XXXXXXXX doctor was polite but hard not (unreadable) problem. On XXXXXXXX doctor was condescending but diagnosed problem with (unreadable) blood test for (perceived problem) could not be performed at hospital X XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXX
There seemed to be a little confusion or not a clear communication between the different departments on my release.  Also my husband gave them his cell phone number but they kept calling our home number instead.
There should be a detailed questionnaire for the emergency room experience as opposed to the experience once you are on the floor to which you were sent *Call bells are never answered and are not within reach of the patient.
There should be a waiting room for the person who accompanies the patient. We were there on a very cold night. The security guard was helpful in getting me out of the care and into my wheelchair. There should be space for drivers to wait!
There should be more than 1 doctor for the emergency
There twice once to get blood/sugar regulated next day. Ultra sound & chest x-ray mass on abdomen overnight shipped to XXXX the next day. Very positive care.
There was 1 dr. there the night I was there and people were waiting 3 1/2 hrs more to see him. That is unacceptable. I also told the doctor that I was on a med that I couldn't take Sudafed with & he said his comp said I could. The actual Sudafed box said I could not as well as the pharmacist. Patients are aware of their meds drs should listen and not be so quick to disregard what we say Dr. XXXXXX. She (unreadable) should not be sore / and on his computer & should listen to the patient.
There was a definite disconnect with communication between EMS and the ER staff Important information was not communicated at the time of arrival @ ER *It took > 2 hrs for someone to read a head CT report!!
There was a definite lack of working IV pumps
There was only 1 doctor for a packed emergency department. I had an emergency due to low blood sugar and though the ambulance workers got my sugar up, I was unable to get even a juice box until I was ready to leave 6 or 7 hours later. Dr. was not available to approve the juice box.
There were some nurses who were "very" friendly + courteous and there were others who were not Mine is an ongoing symptom, for which I need regular infusions of iron.
There's no follow up after you leave Been out of hospital for six weeks Never heard from anyone
These nurses are the best! ? Different doctor 3 times in 1 week were confused. I was supposed to have the 2nd (unreadable) drained too. The beds were needed during COVID 19. It was the best stay in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX ever
These people are professionals. I would definitely use XXXXXXXXXXXX again. As you may be able to tell, the injury was to my right hand. Sorry for the bad printing.
They are always busy doing treatments and accident casts I considered they gave you the best result they are able to due to the time and staff they have.
They are always clear and efficient. They take care of you quickly and efficiently. Very thorough.
They are excellent.
They are too slow
They are very caring with their patients & doctors & nurses are patient with their patients for their understanding for their needs.
They are very understaffed.  The money spent on these questionnaires could probably pay a XXXXXX wages for a year.
They determined that I was having a cardiac episode and they made arrangements for me to go to the XXXXXXXX cardiac clinic at 8 am the next morning. They examined me there and then sent me to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to have a stent put in one of my arteries. All of this was done with efficiency, care and courtesy. I was extremely satisfied at every stage of the process and was very pleased to see what a wonderful medical system we have here. I would like to thank them all for their care and consideration for me.
They did not solve problem. Son ended up taking me to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
They had a virus in the hospital and were pretty closed mouth about it.
They made me feel like a person not a number
They need reliable hot water. No hot water for 3 days during cold snap.
They need to stop judging people, or presuming untruths about things or diagnosis they have + give attitude to mentally ill patients who are drug addicts Laugh make fun etc. etc.
They put me in room XX, left me there and no nurse came in. I was mad and leaving then the doctor asked did you get your med script, I said no. It's the worst hospital around, the nurses just sit at the desk and you hear them in the waiting room. If you go to XXXXXXX you get better care. I go back to my hometown for my family doctor (you have a doc there that runs around in shorts, how professional is that)
They should consider not to let seniors waiting more than 4 hours in waiting room. Doctor maybe had a long day but it's the first time one doctor was rude. We are so lucky to have XXX in the area. Otherwise we'll have to drive over 1/2 hr.
They took all the COVID precautions I was in a room way at the back by myself which I appreciated. I got a COVID test which was neg.
They treated me very good
They were all wonderful Excellent visit (I broke my right wrist in 3 places)
They were great!
They were very anxious to have me out of there even when I felt I was at risk of falling again and didn't feel comfortable
They were very good to me and done their best I think and they were busy with a number of patients in the waiting room.
This department is my first visit. Original I have lung infection and was in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. The doctors was not happy with me because he thought I have long cancer and I refused to have biopsy. He asked the assistant prescribe me a counter pain killer. He did not prescribe me any antibiotic all all and I have gone home with high fever . Later at home for five days before I am sure I should go to emergency department. Again I take advice to come to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX department. The doctor respect my decision. I will be back if necessary next time if required.
This hospital has a very bad reputation. Just about anyone you talk to cannot say anything good about it. Especially the emergency dept.
This hospital need more staff.
This hospital requires a major facility upgrade  No hot water on my floor during my stay however shower area did have hot water, which I made use of
This hospital should be held up as an example of a top notch health facility. When I was asked "why did you come to this hospital?" I replied because I want to live. I have been a patient at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and the staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX should look at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to learn how patients should be treated. Every care given knew my name and were respectful. XXX is the best hospital in the area. The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has the cool toys but XXX treats the patients the way they should be treated.
This is a caring hospital, staff is knowledgeable, courteous and kind but it is short staffed and under funded. It provides services for many rural communities, where family doctors are hard to come by.
This is a great small hospital busy but always caring
This is a joint inflammation issue, the cause of which continues to elude me. Flare ups are very painful and seriously impact my mobility over the counter pain medications are not adequate. These flare ups are sporadic.
This is a top level hospital and I support it with an annual donation. I am very happy to know that it is just 22 minutes from our home.
This last visit was during the bad cold snap There are three (3) sets of doors to EMR the second set is never closed and the EMR. dept. was very cold. The warm flannel blankets are nice but once they cool off your cold all over again. I stayed overnight and was very uncomfortable
This may be unimportant but there was no garbage can available by my bed for garbage disposal. I feel germs are spread if garbage is not disposed of properly. Thank you.
This questionnaire is very good all the way through. Thank you.
This small hospital is outstanding. Sometimes they are excessively busy but we have always had great care
This survey was completed for myself - had it included the real emergency care given to my husband I would rate it the very best - I have great trust in the staff in handling difficult emergency - cardiac care + respiratory care.
This time when I was in there was only 1 other person in there
This visit was a positive experience.  10/10.
This visit was a result of a car accident Admitting was professional and efficient however then your a number who wait with no communication doors locked We need this hospital in our area My recommendation is to treat patients humanely
This visit was for a tick bite but I've been there before for other reasons and have waited up to 3 hours for treatment
This was my first experience staying at XXX. I was there five days so I feel my comments can truly reflect the nature and answers to the questions. All staff both in Emerg + hospital stay were superb. I highly recommend the hospital. The food served was amazing too as well as their staff.
This was my first of 2 visits admitted and nurses & doctors were really great Would recommend hospital to anyone
This was my first visit to the Campbellford Hospital and they were very good and arranged home care for myself. All in all - great experience with this hospital.
This was my second visit to the XXXXXXXXXXXX Emerg Both visits were more pleasant experiences All your nurses & doctors were pleasant, helpful & extremely professional
This was the best emergency visit I've had The staff were quick to respond, courteous and made me feel like they cared, including the nurses + doctor. Thank you!
Though this was a lengthy visit, personnel were professional and thorough.
Time for wait between visions, consider number of people there Nurses sitting around having a good talk in general Hard to wait when they seem to have a social talk
Time it took to get in then time it took before someone seen me cut baby finger to the bone with grinder 5 hr 5 stitches and not full at time of arrival 3 people ahead of me over 2 hrs to get to room 5 hr total
To have a bigger window!! So you can somehow get doctors / nurses attention instead of banging on a locked door.
Told them I had a tick - never took a blood test - 102 degree fever, weak, nausea, breathing difficulty. All over extreme pain - the only thing addressed was breathing. Breathing doesn't give you a fever & the other symptoms, didn't even address tick or take blood for Lyme's disease! Was later diagnosed by self & requested confirmation blood work. Indeed I had Lyme's disease!
Too long of a wait to see a doctor.
Took prescriptions to pharmacy. Because dr on ER had not put code on, I had to wait 1 1/2 hr at pharmacy for dr to get back to pharmacist.
Treated very poorly in emerg but experience after admitted was excellent!!
Treated well courtesy well pleased
Treated with kindness & understanding during my time with COVID virus - needing electrolytes & asthmatic puffer
Treatment was delayed because three ambulance came in after me.
Triage & doctor were excellent
Triage nurse gave me the eyer roll "you've got to be kidding me, you came here for that" look. No verbal comment just a look.
Triage should never assume they know a person + other issues + make fun of the situation ... only rude + ignorant ...
Triage was a nurse Saw the nurse practitioner not the dr
Unfortunately, I had a roommate who created a disturbance most of the time due to her mental state.
Upon my admission I was very limited. Physically and cognitively
Usually a friendly atmosphere within the emergency department (sometimes the severity of the emergency determines the action of the personal).
Very caring staff  Thank you!!  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Very clean
Very clean and organized facility with nice people and professional
Very efficient & quick
Very efficient, patient & considerate in offering assistance
Very good
Very good care Thank you
Very good care.
VEry good doctors and nurses I would come back any time I need to the best thank you god bless be safe.
Very good hospital "Excellent"
Very good.
Very good.  Happy
Very impressed with all the professional staff and their care. Also very grateful for the many tests available at our small hospital. I was very surprised by our small hospitals equipment.
Very professional and knowledgeable paramedic (from Pilsboro) with mist mask in ambulance -- A BIG HELP Should help on all fire stations and ambulances oxygen doesn't help asthma as well as mist mask
Very quick processing time my only issue is that I was told what the dr. thought I had + given antibiotics but he didn't really examine me - left with antibiotics which I took for over 1 day, went to my MD when opened, + I was diagnosed with something else (viral so antibiotics were a waste + not for my health issue)
Very satisfied with my stay! Thank you!
Very satisfied with treatment & service
Very satisfied. Thank you!
Very slow in seeing patients Need a nurse practitioner
Very thankful for hospital and staff.
Very valuable to our small community.
Very well organized from start to finish.
Very well organized.
Visit happened XXXXXXX holiday weekend. Doctor issued prescription for eye infection but no drug stores open in area - no samples available in hospital. Had ot wait until next day. Was not impressed!!
Visit was to verify a TIA yes or no however, I was only 6 days after total knee replacement surgery - waited for service in severe pain!
Visited emergency dept on XXXXXXXX eve after injuring my knee - seen in triage and advised that wait time would be several hours. Triage nurse advised me to return the following morning at 8 am for quicker service. I returned the next morning at 8 but still waited 2 hours for nurse practitioner to arrive before being examined. I answered the survey questions regarding my second visit to emerg.
Visits can be far too long especially when you are not well or nosebleeds
Wait time to see dr. was ridiculously long - 4 hours. He then seemed rushed and was unable to doa proper ultrasound - he admitted this. Will go somewhere else next time if at all possible.
Wait time was only issue, I was in severe pain and waited 6 hours to see someone and did not get treatment for pain until 8 hours after arriving.
Wait too long before seeing dr.
Wait was a lot longer than expected But it was a holiday XXXXXX
Wait was too long when nothing seems to be going on inside the emergency dept.
Waiting time could be a little faster (people were complaining about the waiting time)
Was directed there after a call to TeleHealth, on weekend.
Was first time at CMH. Very satisfied with the doctors & nurses.
Was good care to be in I was where I needed to be food could have been better
Was impressed by the kindness & attention of all the staff I interacted with - MD, RN, LPN's, lab & x-ray techs & the ambulance crew.
Was not impressed with doctor.
Was not seen by a doctor, only a nurse. - Waiting room was not busy but still waited for 4 hours, while in extreme pain.
Was slightly annoyed by an unprofessional remark the doctor made
Was to be discharged on a XXXXXX Physiotherapist had not yet worked with me on stairs Had to stay until XXXXXX. Went to washroom at 8:00 am Came out & all my clothes etc were on a table in hallway Didn't even get to brush my teeth Phoned a friend to come and get me after therapist
Was to see bone specialist at XXX. Appo. made a wk later in XXXXXXXXXXXX. From XXXXX this a 100 mile trip. Round trip
Was told there was medication on hand for my psoriasis and it was only partially correct. Lack of communication between pharm and treating nurses. Nurses were great.
Was told to return after first visit if injury did not improve. 3 weeks later I returned. 45 weeks after injury they weren't concerned about swelling still there or not being able to apply pressure or even hold piece of paper without pain in thumb.
Was treated fast + care would highly recommend XXX
Wasted food porridge & apple juice served often but never used.  No menu.
Watched Threes Company TV show
We are fortunate to have an excellent hospital in our community.
We are fortunate to have XXX in our community
We are grateful to have it
We are so fortunate to have a hospital like ours in such a small community I have nothing but good words to say about our hospital.
We are very grateful to have an ER - XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX!
We are very happy with the service I have received XXXXXXXXX
We are very lucky to have a hospital in XXXXXXXXXXXX. The care from the nurses and doctors is excellent. However, it is too long of a wait and at times I've witnessed community members leaving without being seen. It saddens me to think a hospital with such knowledgeable staff is working hard, but cannot complete their responsibilities in a timely manner. My advice would be to hire more staff to serve the public better. As a person who generously donates money to improve areas of the hospital, I would be pleased to see wait times decrease. Perhaps, more nurse practitioners and more doctors on call. To serve the public is top priority in a hospital and must be considered & value the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, yet there are areas of need.
We are very lucky to have our hospital Of course some are amazing, others are taking up space but that is life XXX is a great hospital and special thanks to Dr XXXXXXX. She was so involved and nurse XXXXXX on floor 1. Although I understand how busy people are when bathroom calls are made it is hard to suffer the indignities of not getting there or being left there A special thanks to our 911 ambulance service.
We have an excellent hospital an emerg dept for the size of our community. Our family as always received excellent care.
We have excellent (unreadable) it's like a store, doing nothing and I would sometime the young lady doctor was great
We have had good experience with our local community hospital. We are grateful to have this hospital in our community.
We made a donation to the hospital.
We were impressed that hospital personnel were not "pushing" our patient to get out asap. The meals were very good the nurses were very caring.
We were very fortunate to have this hospital. It's administrators and staff in our community.
Well done! Thanks to all! XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Went in for badly bleeding colon - took me right in to emerg - didn't take long to admit me. Started prep for colonoscopy - sent me to XXXXXXXXXXXX Next morning repairs done Stayed in XXXXXXXXXXXX 2 more days for observation Excellent care Great nurses My only concern was having to share a room 1 night with a woman She was a little hesitant too I slept half the night in a chair in TV room till she was asleep Overcrowding is a big problem
Went my wife left the hospital she was very sick next date she went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for 8 day also date before she left hospital. Lady nurse XXXX to my wife if she stay longer she will have to pay?
Went to emerg at 5 AM CAT scan by noon Ambulance to XXXX 4 AM Surgery at 9 PM Gallbladder out Home next day
Went to Emergency because I couldn't get to see my primary care physician for 2 weeks. At emergency for 5.5 hrs. Left with no diagnosis other than 'Not Diverticulitis.' Left with prescription for Pain medication that had no effect on pain. Told to return if pain got worse. No solution. Have been waiting for 7 weeks for appointment as of XXXXXXXX since referral to a Gastroenterologist on XXXXXX. Suspect Pancreatitis. This is slow.
Were quite disappointed by the physicians professionalism/knowledge
What I have seen + heard is that anyone needing 'real' help should go elsewhere. My problem was with my eye + they told me to go to XXXXXXXXXXXX... Thankfully my wife drives!
What the hospital lacked in specialized equipment for my particular injury, it made up for through the kindness and attentiveness to its staff
What was deplorable was not hot water - had a few "accidents" and could not wash my body properly the nurses and doctors were amazing was in ICU and people were staying 24/7 in the room to visit - was very annoying. Watching videos and kids running around not very pleasing when your so sick all you want to do is sleep quiet did not exist a lot of times I thought it was very inconsiderate
What would we do without it!
When doctor is preforming an ultrasound on patient he needs to listen better + do the ultrasound at the site of where the patient says the pain is coming from Doctor sees you, but does not hear you. The nurses were great!
When first entered hospital I didn't even know I was there. My daughter called the 911 and had an ambulance pick me up. I didn't even know my name, where I was or anything else. It took 2 to 3 days before I could sort it out.
When I entered my room after 4 hours in waiting, there was blood on the floor and the paper on the bed crumpled I had to ask for someone to clean and remove the paper/blood. Terrible.
When I left I was told to follow up with my own doctor and to see my heart specialist.
When I left I was told to get a stat referral to a gastroenterologist, it is now 3 weeks later. My GP just sent a referral request 2 weeks ago and I haven't heard anything about an appointment. I still have the problem that took me to the ER
When I was given my results, they assured it was kidney stones in my ureter as the ultrasound couldn't get a clear picture they did not complete a CT scan, which would have showed exactly what was there they just suggested what they thought, without searching for a definite answer I left not knowing & was told to wait 2-4 weeks to see if they passed. I then was forced to visit another ER as the pain was unbearable where they performed a CT & discovered multiple kidney stones.
When I was to be transferred from Emerg. to 1st floor a nurse came in and put me in a wheelchair.  She left and came back to tell me I had to wear a yellow gown & gloves.  I told her I couldn't get the glove on my hand that had the intervenous in and she pushed the glove on me and it hurt quite a bit.  She left again & came back and rammed my belongings into a bag and piled it and the intervenous bags on my lap.  She wheeled me to the elevator & I told her that I had left my watch & bracelet back in Emerg room.  She kept on pushing me and said to me that my health was more important than my jewelry.  When I got to my room she said get up and I was still piled on with intervenous & belongings and I have Parkinson's so it is difficult to move or get up without anything on my lap.  Once again I asked her to call down about my watch and bracelet.  Once again she said to me what is more important to me - my health or my jewelry.  At this point I was very stressed about being in isolation and I felt she was not helping me or assuring me that my watch would be returned.  I feel that this young lady should be told that without empathy she will not be a good nurse.
When the emergency dept. is busy they need another dr. there to help out. One dr. isn't enough. Especially, in the evening or weekends.
When they wheeled me into emergency waiting room they left me look at a bright ceiling light for 1/2 hr. I finally got my pillow over my eyes.
When we entered the hospital there was only 3 patients waiting and when we were called in 5 hours later the same patients were called in at the same time. Way too long a wait.
When word gets out about the care one receives from the hospital, you should open more wings to make space for beds. Doctors, RNs & RPN's fantastic!
When yelled for help no one came not even a nurse for almost an hour when I told them I was still in severe pain They said they already gave me Toradol which didn't work
While I was there I experienced a throat spasm that to me was quite frightening! I would not swallow and I was crying and was very panicked the nurse went to get a dr but no one acme by the the time she returned it had relived and I could swallow again but I had been so fearful for a moment I would die, it was that terrifying to me. WHen the dr came she was nonchalant - looked in my throat - said no blockage - maybe a spasm - don't worry - I would go home. Since I left the hospital I continued to have spasms for 7 to 10 days - afterwards - I didn't return to emerg
Why are they cutting back on the staff in the emergency department.
Wish I didn't have to wait that long at an emergency
Wish you had docs that could make good decisions and I did not go to emerg for any opinions or pain meds of any kind?!
With all the ills and precautions of COVID the staff (and ambulance drivers) were top notch!!
Wonderful hospital and caregivers i.e. doc, nurses, technicians. Thank you.
Wonderful psycho staff to help me regain my strength to be able to go home - XXXXXXXX, CE - LHIN was wonderful to assist in providing information and planning for my future health needs. XXXXXXXXXXXX - wonderful lady - very caring about my health
Would be better if doctors could read test results without a 2nd opinion. Efficiency is poor. More staff on call to speed up patient care. More doctors during days & weekends
Would like some communication when waiting, especially when the wait time is significant.
Would like to thank the doctor and nurses. Their care was exceptional. Thank you.
XXX is an excellent facility. We are very proud of our hospital.
XXXX my registered nurse was terrific, very supportive
XXXX the nurse was outstanding and very understanding and so patient went the extra mile to be a source of assistance. Even convinced the MD to come on
XXXXX is no longer able to do this task, he has had 4 brain bleeds and can't do this survey, XXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXX has a good hospital for our (unreadable) I've been here for 80 years & to the hospital many time I'm XXXXXXXs husband that try to answer your questions.
XXXXXX too XXXXXX food was very good, not so much with the weekend food, obviously a different crew on weekends!
XXXXXXXXXXXX Dr XXXXXXXXXX said no stroke XXXXXXXXXXX Dr XXXXXXXXXXX said there was a mini stroke Who is correct?
XXXXXXXXXXXX has the best hospital
XXXXXXXXXXXX is a small town hospital, that is very friendly.
XXXXXXXXXXXX is an excellent hospital & staff are doing their best with very limited facilities. This is an important community hospital that requires more funding!
XXXXXXXXXXXX is by far the best emerg dep. our family has ever been to. We live much closer to XXXXXXXXXX Hospital however we will always make the extra drive to XXXXXXXXXXXX much better service and a short wait.
XXXXXXXXXXXX provides the best & fastest care within 100 kms. The staff & systems are fantastic.
XXXXXXXXXXXX referred me to every as I was urinating blood, so to me an (unreadable) health staff seemed less worried about symptoms and (unreadable) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX sent people to emerg unnecessarily
XXXXXXXXXXXX The need for a soft boot for broken ankle my size was unavailable. - Needs a size 5 Had to settle for size 6 ladies Therefore supplies should be available in all sizes Other option would have been a plaster cast. - Dept was apologetic
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has a stigma for many yrs. that you only went there if you wanted to die! Well kudos to the doctors & staff for getting rid of that stigma I have nothing but great admiration & respect for those aforementioned for treatment for myself and my late wife a couple of yrs past
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is definitely the best of hospitals in our area and needs to be commended. Very caring staff as my (unreadable) as director of care of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I will continue to refer patients to them.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is small (unreadable) care and was small 4 people in room the food was OK. A lot better then XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Nurses were very good at taking care of me.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the best hospital, the #1 choice for all of our family.  If at all possible unless if it's by ambulance, as it's not the closest one.  Otherwise a wonderful, caring place to go if we aren't feeling well  A+
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX isn't like it was a few years ago. The nurses are not all that great. It could be cleaner. It's old, old. Need a new one soon. I think they need to get on with a new one. The doctors are the best thing there. They are new nurses?? Better start looking soon for a new hospital. It needs paint and more paint. Dull looking inside. (but it's old).
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX staff where exceptional
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has one of the most efficient emergency departments in this whole section of the province of XXXXXXX.
Yeah my wife would sooner die then go to your hospital she has never had a good experience she was in an accident you said she had sore ribs, she went back three days later got anemia got pills two weeks later the pain was worse her doctor sent her to XXXXXXXX for xrays she had to cracked ribs
Yes - I am tired of doctors basically accusing me of being there just to get drugs and reminding me that "this is an emergency dpt you know".
Yes All of the staff were fantastic. Can't say no more, from signing in till I left. Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXX + Dr XXXXX were great Service + people were so polite, was a great experience at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX over + above. Thanks to hall staff XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXX Also CAT scan + colonoscopy done also Was just great
Yes over the past years this department has been very good with all my visits.
Yes the dr. I saw for my diverticulitis prescribed me antibiotics which were really helpful. Every dr. always questions me about wanting an MRI, I don't know why when it was a last resort test for when I had appendicitis all the other tests for appendicitis didn't show when I had the MRI it showed appendicitis and diverticulitis even though I was told about the appendicitis I was never told about until about 1 year later. The last episode was a Dr XXXXXXX and he wanted to schedule an MRI as he said he wanted to be sure about the diverticulitis and that my liver count was high and he said I would have a call to come in for that MRI. I never got a call and talked to a dr. in scheduling and he said he never received a request for an MRI for me and didn't want to discuss health issues over the phone thus the last visit to emerging, I was treated mainly like what are you doing here even though a dr. had told me to come. His name sounded like XXXXXXXXX. Anyway I was really discouraged when I left!
Yes the emergency dept workers are very good @ their job. Long hours
Yes the nurse practitioner was very supportive & professional and made me feel very comfortable. "A wonderful lady"
Yes the wait time - but there were a number of emergencies that day.
Yes they were very caring and explained everything they did. Blood work, electrocardiogram, everything was explained why this was being done. Great job!
Yes, before I went into emerge I called xray dept to find out when they closed & waited by the person who answered the phone the 1st time I called emerge. as the xray dept didn't answer. Then I spoke with a human after. They were opened 24h. To clarify I said so if I have to go in & needed xray would they be opened later. I was reassured they were opened & someone would be there if it was determined I needed to go as I wasn't dr. so she said again 24/7 & would put me through to the emerge so they could confirm it. So I retold my story again & was reassured by nurse (but turned out to be the person that gets all info & gives the papers & hand tags that spoke to me & she gave me the wrong info as I had explained what happened & I didn't want to have to go back if no xray dept was available (saw her the next day & she said it was her). So next person in emerge said same thing - yep xray open 24 hrs & if need to go someone would be available & I explained I called so I didn't want to have to go back & have to wait around AGAIN! Then later on went in so hubby had to drive me in and the triage nurse was very rude not courteous but we put up with her. She told us we just missed it as they closed 15 mins prior to our getting there. Of course I was upset because then I had to go back to the hosp. again which was what I was trying to avoid in the 1st place!! I explained to her that I called the xray dept & got no answer so ended speaking with switchboard (?) & she gave me the wrong info even though I explained about calling xray dept. & got no answer & wanted to know when they would be opened to avoid a return drive to the hosp! When I did go to triage she explained they don't open 24 hrs & I explained what I had been told she said they only opened till 11:30 p.m. not 24 rs or have any xray tech on call unless life or death & doctor told me that as well. He was quite good & respectful the 1st doctor I saw. It's always the nurses who are usually rude & disrespectful! So of course I saw the doctor & he checked my arm/shoulder injury & said needed xrays so to call first thing as asked what time & if I had to go through the whole scenario again he just said to go see them 1st thing. Sure enough next morning I had to sit & wait for triage. After I went to xray & waited & waited for someone to show up I even went looking for someone! Then finally got the xrays & they said to do the registration thing again & wait for the xrays. Which is why I hate the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX as the give you the wrong info & you wait & wait & then find out you do the wrong things after waiting!! So I will not be supporting the hospital there when go to XXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXX or XXXXXX!! Both doctors & lab tech I saw were nice but everyone else was a real pain! They need sensitivity despite their work load!! If they working longer then hire more people & provide customer service training!! Maybe more nurse practitioners!! Now to continue ... on the second day after I had to go back to emerge & register & sit & wait for results again & waited in wrong area again then found out they had the xrays & should have gone to register then wait in the emerge waiting room! So took another four hrs to wait. I did go to the nurses to find out how much longer & they said they had to wait for radiologist to read it (xrays) from XXXXXX to send it & give info & they didn't know when that would be. Again nurses - it's wait-wait-wait -> After waiting a long while again -> my daughter went out 2x in this waiting game!! -> and so I went back into the nurses & asked again - any news - as it was getting tiring & in pain - pills weren't helping -> This time while being told no news a doctor stepped up & said waiting on news from xray radiologist from XXXXXX - he said he could read xrays & nurses looked at him. Then one of them got up as she had been doing some paperwork & no doubt, after she went by him - to say wait for XXXXXX so again I sat & waited & waited! en finally that same doctor called me and then explained & rechecked my shoulder that it wasn't dislocated but that it showed no fractures (which was a relief cause it felt like it) but that I had separated the ligament from my ACV or something like that (the amaro clavicular bone?) so I could put it in a sling & would need physio - so I asked for a prescription & got one & he again explained better what I had done to my shoulder. He was nice & so was the first who took the time to test the arm & said I definitely needed xray on it & didn't dislocate it. 2nd doctor said also wasn't dislocated nor fractured (so happy to hear that part!). Now you know the full story & this needs to be given tot he hospital to be read do not put it in your own words! Copy it as is & pass the darn thing on so they can improve their service & having only 1 doctor one in evening is ridiculous as I must admit the first time I went in I didn't have a long time to wait to see him but the next day ... well a different story & surprisingly emerge waiting room was not as full but they did 1 person before me after he came after me! Yep still going - so glad you sent a survey out! & thank you for this!
Yes, have a talk to any nurses with a cast fetish - leave the cast alone - do not touch or dislodge it.
Yes, I am diabetic and had not had anything to eat and after a couple of hours, I requested something to eat to the doctor twice and a rude nurse and was always told they would get something and after 8 hrs I still never got anything. disappointing.
Yes, I go here when I need help my family dr. is terrible (unreadable) and would go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX you guys are great!!!
Yes, the hour parking limit is not realistic with the wait times; a person's care will be ticketed if they are unable to get back out and pay more loonies!
Yes. he's extremely sad that such a great team of hospital staff work in poor conditions. No hot water.
Yes. I had a 2 hr drive from work and had put in a 12 hr day and was too exhausted to stay, especially after hear another senior couple who were still waiting after 3 1/2 hours. I had been at the hospital a previous time and did get to see a nurse practitioner. I don't recall the wait being exceptionally long. The staff I did get to speak to on both occasions were both courteous and respectful.
You have the most efficient emergency department in the area. Your staff are polite + caring Excellent care!
You have to wait to long when you are in pain.
You need more nurses.
Your doctors/nurses are rude, ignorant and arrogant the only one who works a XXX is nurse XXXX.  Nurse XXXX is the only one who deserves a pay check!!  The rest can suck my pink cock
Your understaffed and below standards for equipment
Your volunteers at the income door did a fantastic job
.Thank you Very much for all the good care given to my girl.
17 hours from arrival at ED to moved to admitted room.
After .I was discharged 1 was referred to other supports and still was able to see my psyehiatriSt as an outpatient which was helpful. I alSO benefited from some of the programming as an inpatient.
After being transferred from XXXXXXXX to XXXX, 1 was extremely disappointed in the care we received at XXXX. The nurses we had in the 4 West Ward had the worst bedside .manners I have ever heard. it was like pulling teeth even trying to get a nurse to help me change my child's bed linens. The room we stayed in was absolutely disgusting, and the people in our room were cursing and swearing. We did get moved to another room after I demanded either we get moved or the people that were disrespectful, be moved. Overall, I went from thinking XXXX was a great hospital to thinking it could be improved tremendously. Very thankful our procedures and surgeries will be taking place at XXXXXXXX and not at .XXXX.
Aged out
Aged out at
All of my daughters and our (parents) sessions have been virtual because of covid. I wish we could have had:half of them in person. Still very valuable and many times I was happy to have the sessions: from home.
All the mental health groups were net helpful and. very repetitive.  During off-ward services the persOn who had to. watch us 24/7 fell asleep sometimes.
All the support
AlthoughlaMillEwas successful, our daughter also suffers from other mental health issues. Upon discharge from the XXX appears to be a distinct SeparatiOn between XXX treatment and mental health treatment. We felt that better integration of these programs would be beneficial- especially upon discharge. .(when patients are no longer malnourished).
Appointments an0 therapy sessions after 4:00 pin preferably - lherapy sessions aren't helping me I don't feel a change -Shorter waiting time in the XXXXXXXXXXXXX:- Prestribing me medication that actually helps me feel better - Staff:in the hospital not being rude to the When I was about to die.- I waited like 9 hours or more at the XXXXXXXXXXXXX last time I went just to receive a pamphlet that I could've found on the XXXX website
Arriazing staff. Thank you. XXXX for everything.
As triendly as all start was in our whole hospital experience, 1 round the EH start were not as comtorting tor my situation compared to the staff when we were admitted. The ER staff were not overly helpful at times and i felt they were not listening to me. Nurses in 5 East (XXXXXXX, XXXXX) and 4East (XXXXXXX, XXXX, XXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXX, XXXX and XXXX) were especially amazing with my family in this stressful time  A big shout out to XXXXXXX, XXXXXXX and XXXX. They went beyond and listened to my husband and. I about our concerns and made game plans to help my baby
Being able to reach my therapist by phone when needed. Having a crisis line to call. Friendly and accommodating receptionists
Being able to talk to a psychologist
Being transferred to off-ward services (having much More comfortable living spaces, freedom, having our own personal items we were not allowed to have in the psych unit) 1 didn't like the person who had to sit there all day though.
C6 entrance can be very overwhelming, more understanding should be taken into consideration:
Care providers are almost always willing to help with any situation brought before them.
Care was excellent, environment was relaxed, we felt the abilities of the surgeons was top-notch
Certain staff members
Clearer on additional supports such as psychologist, social worker, therapist available to me and which ones I would see. Shorter wait time to see them to be able to see them when I really needed them not after 6 months because it's impossible to access these services right now in my city due to long waits.
Communication between staff members rpwrfing the patients care and the communication from staff to parents.
Connection to therapy or psychotherapy faster
Coping strategies. Translated from French - Finding with help good:methods of managing emotions.,
CYCs in the EDP are amazing, patient and helpful.
Daughter was in a crisis and.we turned to emerge for help. Just having a safe place for her in the instant was helpful.
Day treatment was really helpful and the therapy I received had a huge impact on my mental health.
Disrespectful staff. Horrible program, was not fleand did not meet my needs.
Doctor extremely approachable by my chilO anO myseit. Always telt that he went the extra mile for my child even though she might not Pe his most critical patient. I was impressed the way he was able to establish a great relationship with my daughter even though she did not like or agree with everything he proposed. I liked the way he always asked for input before deciding on course of action - that way there was more buy in for my child:The medical team was always very attentive and brought things down to my child's leveiwith explanations etc
Doctor XXXXX helped me a lot to figure out how i was feeling.
Doctors so caring and patient and treating me with such respect. I felt they really cared and I was able to trust them. Unable to get appointments when it was convenient - I was told take that appointment or there are none available which caused me anxiety because of conflicts.
Dr XXXXXXXXXX is an absolute star. We never feel rushed, she listens, she is knowledgeable:about children's mental health as well as in being a parent. We have benefited so much because of her.
Dr. XTXXXXXXXXX was specifically irritated wnen i joined our zoom call, ne was condescending, staring oiankty at me angry because I requested a medication change because I didn't think it was right for my condition, he refused other medication when I said I did not want Ohand told me I would have to wait another year. Left me in an extreme panic attack with no idea where to go forward from medication wise, now I have to go back to my general doctor, I am very certain I have more issues than depression but no doctor takes me seriously after four years, it is very sad.
Dr. XXXXXXXXX was annexing, and the staff in the MU were also amazing.
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX is great,
During what was a stressful time, with unknowns and COVID protocols, the staff.at XXXX:did an amazing job at making my anxious child feef a part of the process and calm about the steps needed to: help her.There were some very unpleasant encounters happening around us (parents gettingangry, mix ups and other difficulties-in the Emergency Dept) but the nurses handled it with grace and still managed to make us feel likethe centre Of their attentions. Thank you for:.making a terrifying moment into a success.
Emergency is understaffed and the wait is very long
Entertainment was alWays available, psychiatrists and nurses were very supportive and kind, schedule that was flexible, ability to choose which therapy you would participate in
EVeryone took such care: cif my little:girl and I felt very reassured as.a new mother. We were able to have an open dialog and I alwaysfelt supported.and understood
Everyone was awesome. They are amazing people who care so much. Thank you for all the great work!!
Everyone was so great and thoughtful and explained everything amazingly. I am a XXXXX as well but also choose not to share that info during our stay . I just wanted to be the mom. Great work everyone!
Everyone was so,great. My son is very ihy; and they did everything to make him feel comfortable and didn't make him talk if he didn't want to.
Everything
Everything good staff believing kids when they say there suicidal not throwin c. kids: on there own cause you don't think there really suicidal
Everything was fabulous and the care team was awesome. Only issue was that the bathtub in our isolation room only had cold water but could have been worse.
Everything was wonderful, except, when they wanted to room for someone else, I was packing up and someone came in and told me to leave in 5 minutes (which I was doing), but I felt like I was getting kicked out.
Excellent service
Extra care was taken with my daughter.
Faster test results in MyChart (seems to be delayed 7 days) Complete information in MyChart, including growth chart data and all test results.
Forced to follow a certain method of treatment which did not work for me and caused significant long-lasting distress, psychiatrist and parents refused to change course for several years. I did not feel I had a voice in my treatment and I felt disrespected and belittled. Parents were always very involved in treatment though I did not feel that was best and there had been a lot of conflict in the past, but I had no other choice as I live with them and it is not a feasible option for me to request a change in treatment plan. I felt that treatment was often generalized to what fit most individuals and what was the most common method of treatment, and though I was very vocal from the start that it was not working, it took over .2 years to'even reach a 'compromise' on it.
Friendly staff and clean premises
Given the events that occurred during my child's hospital:stay, it would have been preferable if there was a better concensus between physicians as to the course of treatment required as there was a significant amount of back and forth along with uncertainty that made both parents quite uneasy. Additionally, ensuring that the charge nurse on the ward doesn't 'jump the gun' to inform parents that their child is going to the picu while still in surgery:when parents have not been informed of such by the surgical staff would be preferable:to avoid unnecessary anxiety and stress for the parents. Finally, ensuring that charge nurse on the ward ,places patient in an appropriate room for patient's needs (room with aMfifirilOrthis case) should be a chief concern when Moving patients. Refusing to move a patient that does not require a patient lift to a different bed to ensure proper care and facilities for a patient that requires such equipment is inappropriate.
GiVing me different things to work on with every video call visit: Will always like a reminder of where I can get help if a situation were to occur.
Great hospital! We felt comfortable the whole stay (4 days)! The staff are amazing and pay so much attention to kids the way they should and to the parents as well! Thank you XXXX!
Great service and help overall. Particular kudos to De XXXXX and his team as well as XXXXXXX and the nursing team on 4 North.
Haven't started yet
Highly professional, respectful and welcoming. I really enjoyed the Virtual meeting option. My son has sever nd it was a good format for him as well. Also much easier for myself and ex-partner (his father) to coordinate and attend a virtual meeting.
I am amazed that the level of care that we got. The  stall spoke with us about everything they were doing, made us aware of what we were waiting for They were always there when we needed them and I appreciate them very much! Due to the amazing care given to my daughter during her stay, she now wants to be a nurse! I think that would be the highest compliment anybody could give the staff that cared for herl I
I am still waiting for.treatment. I has almost been one year.
I appreciate the ,knowledge of Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, and Dr. XXXXXXXX. I think they are tremendously skilled clinicians.
I arrived at 3 am with a layear old imatainemmu already had a hunch that it wasegillargialibut was unaware that she also had a afteitighlaHer pa n was managed but of course, could not be alleviated. We were told we had to wait until 8 am when the ultrasound department opened to have her checked. .I wondered at the time why you didn't have a portable ultrasound so that you could check this type of thing without having to wait 3-4 hours- it seemed risky. XXXXXX ended up not getting into ultrasound until almost 11:00 am which to me was definitely too long, when you have a child suspected of having appendicitis. As it was, it didn't even give the doctors enough information andshe needed Cl-which she didn't get until 1:15 pm. 10 hours after we arrived at XXXX. At that point it was determined that li ---:"7.—..;.;.! .;.::-) and she needed immediate surgery. Thankfully and by the grace of God, she didn't ii,. experienceempin but it just seemed to me that action wasn't taken quickly enough where the tests were concerned. When we were told she would have to wait 'a couple of hours' for the ultrasound, I was ok with that as she wasn't getting any worse, but as the hours ticked by I started to get more concerned. She was immediately whisked up to surgery within 20 minutes or so once the diagnosis was made, however, and I was impressed with that. Your staff is wonderful. I can't say enough about your nurses- they are all lovely and I admire all of.them. They kept XXXXXX calm and controlled her pain as much as they could, given the circumstance. I would give your hospital a 9+, just shy of the 10 ... I just think the wait time for testing was too long and could have ended up in a bad situation. Interestingly enough, XXXXXX participated in a study while she was there to determine whethe ,.,__; , tilialtati-lopefully someday that's all you will need to determine whether. Or not a child needs surgery, and they won't have to wait for US or CT to diagnose. Sincerely, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I cannot think of anything
I developectlaymptoms after being an impatient in the mental health unit. I felt dehumanized. It was the worst thing I've ever experienced. I threw up everyday while there because of how distressed I was.
I didn't feel heard by the staff. I needed to be discharged but no one was listening to me and now I'm worse.
I didn't like my therapist, I would have liked the option to get a different one
I didn't receive many services from XXXX but the ones I did have recommended me some helpful tools outside of the facility
I don't know
I enjoyed feeling supported by staff/nurses
i errible,. Horrible, i raurnatic experience. As a mother who Just gave birth with tears etc, I didn't have a proper tied to rest on, they didn't communicate until the day of discharge that my partner could stay with us, so I was alone with a two day old, baby. Breastfeeding was not supported, chairs were uncomfortable, formula companies have definitely bought this hospital and doctors fancy dinners, vacations and donations. Formula is pushed even without trying breastfeeding. Some nurses had no idea how the light therapy machine worked, the machine alarm went off and I wasn't able to rest at all.
I found being in XXXXX and having clear communication with nurses very helpful. As well as having the puzzle roam and arts 'and crafts to pass the time. Reassurance and encouraging comments from nurses. The nice view.
I found that not being told about XXXXX, why I was there, my condition and not being aware of ear plugs earlier on not helpful. If a nurse just sat with a patient and explained and reassured someone on their worries that would be very helpful. I also found that having decorations and inspiring notes were more helpful such as the ones in XXXXX compared to XXXXXXXXXXX in XXXX.
I had a great experience, I got help and a lot of support especially from the DU group
I have always struggled with who I can or can't trust. Even though it took a bit to break my shell Dr. XXXXXXXX was very good at getting me to open up through casual language and sharing her own minor stories. This was nice because it felt less like therapy and more like a friendly conversation.
I have many complaints & concerns about our stays at XXXX during XXXX and XXXX. I would love to have someone contact me so that I could express my concerns as thiS queStiOrmaire does not address any of those points. Thank yciu, XXXXXXXXXXXXXX (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX / XXXXXXXXXXXX)
I have no comment. At I mentioned above, if these services where not available to those of us who cannot afford to pay for therapy, we would be lost. The quality of tare provide is appreciated, and valued.
I just want tOtay thank you to the amazing .Staff on 4 WeSt fen- the excellent care: And for their continued:Support and genuine concern for me, the patients mother during this time. I am beyond thankful.
I mink it is very anTicuit to - •  TT 1 nealin issues it me curia is nt-corril an the doctor and rerOses-td-meet witn them in person or by video. As a parent I can provide the doctor with details on what my child is going through but at the end of the day when they reach a certain age, I feel that they need to feel comfortable and trust the doctor they're working with. if a child and a doctor cannot form a connection and I believe the child should be seen worse by someone else. I have requested this on more than one occasion, but we still have the same doctor that my child refuses to speak to. They have not had an in person or video meeting three years. I participate in all appointments by myself.
i nis was a first time experience-for our ramily„ tram our urnem tne tri to our aamtssion, me entire stall was professional ana mougntrui. We thank your entire team for your great care. We could not remember the names of all individuals who made our stay more comfortable and eased our concern. in answering our questions but to name a few (Nurses: XXXXX, XXXX, XXX and XXX) as well as our ER. Doctor - XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. It should be further noted that our doctor once admitted also took extra steps to have a member of her team find our son popsicles (as he had pretty much eaten.all. of them available on the floor). Overall, we once againthank yOu for the care you provided our sonl Thank you!
I really liked in the IEP (eating disorder inpatient program) that the nurses always wanted to talk to you, the social worker was the most helpful person there he was understanding and made sure I was comfortable and always went the extra length to make sure ]was okay I would love to see that there is more social workers like him in the 6 north team.
I received additional paperWork with strategies to cope.
I understand the requirement for confidentiality on behalf of my child, but I am a great resource on her emotions, habits,. challenges, strengths, comrnitmentto getting well. I felt I was on the outside looking in and really hoping someone could read my mind and help her as much as i knew she needed help:
I wanna say Thank you XXXX
I was very impressed with XXXX, they took very good care of my daughter and myself ... professional employees. The service was amazing. Thank you!!!
I wish the team of doctors you work with at XXXX could at some point come together as a group to attend at least two care meetings for mental health as there have been times when I have felt that having them present would provide better assistance in my daughters over all treatment. It would also allow for the doctors from other departments to provide insight or ask questions as to how they may be able to modify their treatments for the greater good.
I would rate the care we received in at XXXX as a 10. The staff was sensational, and hospital operations very efficient. However the room we had to share was terrible. The, shared with screamed all the time and when he wasn't screaming he had a bbaatttteery operated car that.was very loud and disruptive. The constant noise was exhausting on top of me dealing with my own child's health needs. The little rest I was able to get, was constantly interrupted with shrieking, honking or whirring noises. I think it is a terrible idea to put two sick children and their parents in one room. When dealing with a sick child you really need privacy and to be able to make the most of whatever rest you can get.
I.shared my concerns with Patient Experience that the food not needed/provided to.an excluSively breastfed baby should be-provided to the nursing mother instead who needs to Make that food, rather than having to rack.up bills and constantly bethinking of ways to access food while.taring for a newboraor young baby in hospital. I was:told my request could not be honoured. Frankly this, policy is ludierous and needs to be revised. I have friends who's.thildren Were seen in normal hospitals (not for children). and they received meal trays throughout their stay. I alsO offered to join. the parental advisory committee and was given the impression my help was not needed (thus. was not offered away to become more involved). We also.noticed that the rooms looked like atypical, plain hospital room, not at all cheerfik whimsical or friendly as should beln-a hoSpital for children.  In addition, no onetold.us about the.parking pass. so my husband. was paying full price for daily visits until hefound out about it himself on day 4, This information should be routinely shared with parents on admission (or 50onet).
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
I'm thankful treatment was given to my son though he is le
In patient services in SpeCialized area In person outpatient services Multidisciplinary services and access to other supporting hospital services
Inpatient services saved my daughter. Grateful for the expertise in the XXX for successfully refeeding my daughter and getting her to .a healthy weight and better state of mind
inpatient staff - most were nice but i had one mean one that made me very upset
inpatient staff to talk to and out patient psychiatrists
It has been very difficult to find the right treatment for our daughter, going on 3 yrs. The psychiatrist is doing his best to find the right treatment plan, but over all we.are frustrated in finding consistency in providers so our daughter can get appropriate treatment. The youth treatment system between multiple organizations (XXXX, XXX, XXXXX) seems disjointed and hard to navigate even for the doctors and stuff within the system. We appreciate all they are doing for us, but the system itself is clearly broken and overwhelmed and therefore not able to provide appropriate treatment beyond immediate crisis care.
It is very helpful
It is very stressful to have your child be hospitalized but the team at XXXX was amazing and made our stay as good as possible. Thank you!
It was a pleasant stay, thank you everyone!
It was as good as it could have been - I was very satisfied with all services and all staff we interacted with.
It was as good of a stay at a hospital as it could be. XXXX is the most amazing place to be when you have a sick or injured child
It was helpful and supportive.
It was interesting and useful.
it would be very handy to haVe push cars with poles to attach IV pumps to instead of dragging IV pole everywhere. Also maybe a sign on the door indicating when baby/patient is sleeping/napping
It's good to have a translator for my mom and the doctor respects my privacy very well.
Its pretty good, but I would appreciate less frequent for my meeting.
I've been told there is no other services to help me and we've gotten to the end of the road for my treatment yet 1 am still not in a good place to help myself and I don't know what to do.
Just a thank you for being there for my son! Continue to strive as you have the years!!! And bring ,back the paw prints that lead you every where!!! Its so much easier to find your away around with the animal paw prints than all the words and logos!!!
Knowing someone listen to me
Last time we were admitted into hospital we had access to the milk fridge and could heat our own bottles. The nurses are too busy to be doing this task and sometimes we had to wait awhile to receive the bottle that may not be warm. Both times we were admitted into XXXX we had exceptional care in the PICU and wished we could remain there for the entire stay. The staff remembered us and came to see my son and was happy to see how he was doing. As a mother, I appreciated that the nurses who cared for him a couple months ago wanted to check in on him. The P1CU nurses are fantastic and we always speak very highly of them. We were very happy with Dr XXXX care for our son and surgery. His team including XXXXXXX always were willing to answer questions and be helpful. We were overall very satisfied with our experience and care for our son.
lfind that the service is quite forceful and makes you feel as though you have no say in treatment, support and other stuff which is why we all end up faking our way out of the psych ward so we end up leaving without proper care.
LONG wait times, abruptly discharged, no real plans for how to move forward despite still needing support, previously had experiences with psychiatrists that didn't listen to my needs
Long waiting. Too long. My child symptoms went downhill so fast while waiting for treatment to start. if we could have received help right away, not six months waiting, his condition would not be as bad as it is now.
Make more readily available so time isn't wasted at a hospital not equipped with the expertise available at XXX.
Making a list of things to do in certain moods
Me and my family were never talked to about my treatment plan or if I was improving and what the drs where thinking. We were left in the dark, which caused heightened anxiety for me and my family. I also did not like the blending of 6 north and the mental health inpatient unit, it made me feel uncomfortable and unable to sleep, which caused great anxiety.
Meeting dr everyday and getting a diagnosis_
More mental health support would ,be nice, but .l understand that its really difficult to accommodate thit because of the high demand
More on stages of outpatient and more access to outpatient services
More staff in the EDP would be helpful, especially on 6N. The nurses there do not provide the same level of support as the nurses and CYCs on 4N, and the discrepancy between the two parts of the program are clear. (The doctor (psychiatrist and AH) care is the same and good in both places though - the issue is in terms of frontline support for both patient and parents)
More time
More time with OT and psychiatrist
Mostly the being able to have my voice heard. That's whats truly important to me. Letting go of the things in the past that have happened is no easy feat.
My child needed an When entering through the. ER all signs pointed to his (pain location, 44001111MIMBRibut we couldn't be officially admitted until an ultrasound was done. This couldn't take place until the morning since the ultrasound is closed over night'so we spent the night in an ER room. If something could be looked at to allow for admittance of patients in these situations (e.g. strong indication that they will be admitted, or need follow-up tests) so that they can have a more restful night that would be beneficial.
My child was seen at the linic and after getting the. results of her blOodwork it was determined she would need to beadrnitted to the hospital:because t Rather than being dire.ctly admitted, we weresentto the ER where we waited. for More than 12 hours before we gat a room on the 5th floor. This was a stressful experience for both my daughter and Myself. We were forced to explain my-child's condition: to multiple:doetors in the ER after haVingalready reviewed everything with heraleam and then needed to go over everything again once we were Settled in her room. This, in: my opinion, was.a large waste of time which delayed her treatment. it leaves meta wonder why the   team could not directly admit her and skip the visitto the ER.
My child-carne in aind. , There wat no seniordr. who:W.0k this seriously. 'Ernerg. said yps, likelyaNtlissue. suddenly it walialiagegifegitt and a veryyoUng intern.' told USthat there:Would be.no surgery but that hemoirld.beadmitted.. Later we learned the treatment was 3 heavy doses of antibiotics. My sorr was weak and after 5.days became very nauseous. It was incredibly:stresSful and no one with ekperience Witt#011//1/41sUes talked:to us about why the 401.001116110— 011644,and why the procedure different thamit usedto be. ..i-think XXXX can be a verygreat place butthe DoctorS need to explain things like new treatMent for AtitINSISINAWANOWIr. H si "101016111when he came in did not seem that important but it.did.not seem that busy. We had_„.......... .._._. , ultrasound XXXXX and :are still waiting to hear about the report.. Will hrsiteiMMIWINIM
My child's bedroom.was almost in front of the nurses station and it was very difficult have a rest
My Child's nurse, XXXXXXXXXXXXXX, was a phenbMenal nurse. She was Very kind and helped my child feel less nervous about her stay at the hospital. XXXXXXX was happy to help .very time the call button was pressed and she went aboVe and beyond to make.sure my child and I had a cOrrifOrtable stay.
My daughter hacilaillifillalftillaiiiti kand this survey sadly didn't cover post op experience_ .This method MUST be changed by XXXX: My daughter is '""1 would sorneone to follow up with me ASAP on this horrific experience.
My daughter had a -.'t ' ''?i".]: - " - .','''''' !,.: ,   I was worried sick until the CIScans came back and.thedt. assured me that there was - ,.---':•3 rgelivfr:': ::1'4:i-. My daughter was checked on every 2 hours, and at time she didn1 even get up because the nurses and dr. were so proficient.
My daughter is receiving psychological support, took over 3 years for'this to begin and is virtual only which I feel is less effective   most of the survey is inapplicable. Hoping to get the maximum progress out of minimal service time available...hmm.
My daughter was brought to the Emergency Room, by ambulance for akii01111*This was her second visit to the ER in less than two Weeks. She and I waited in the emergency department over:24 hrsfor treatmesnt/upport: .The required process for mental health services is paihfUlly long and debilitatingfor a child in crisis who is actively requesting immediate assistance. The adrnisSion procesS from the Emergency Department to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX ward was confusing for the doctors, nurses and parents. There appeared to have little communication between the perscinnel of thesb departments as several nurses and doctors would come back to our room thrOughbut the day; unaware of what was going On. An admisSion form was hist, confusion as to who was to escort us to the mental health ward and each department assumed the other had presented the admission protocol and had parents sign forms.
My doctor was kind
My only concerns lie with parking fees and coffee pricing : Parking : We were at XXXX for 3 days before we were made aware short visit passes existed. This resulted in us paying 14 x 3 + the parking pass fee (bought the 5 day pass eventually). Had we been made aware of this on day 1, we could have saved ourselves 42$. This may not seem like much but for our family, this is an important amount of money. Coffee Pricing : Marked up from typical Starbucks/Tim Horton's pricing. I'm not sure if this is set by the hospital or the vendor but knowing that a coffee is $2 offsite and $3.50 rubs me the wrong way. People at the hospital (including staff) should not pay a premium over what is a regular business price especially when the going and coming are limited during these Covid-19 times. Thank you.
My son's school book and binders were lost during his stay at XXXX.
My X week of was discharged when she shouldn't have been'. The EmergenCY staff reviewed her and said there want and discharged. her. Only to call me, her mother, an hour after getting home to say .hey made a mistake and she does: in fact havetiMai ttliftitakikithietc To me.this was not.adceptable, she is so young and there should have been more accuracy and. Vigilance when reviewinAiiiii$111101 was told to return to Emergency immediately, which I did. Once I arrived, I was told to wait in line like everyone else even though the doctor who told me to return said that they were waiting for41011100017 0140114Milit. 611110The triage nurse was unempathetic and after a few people waiting in line offered to her to see my infant before them she declined and said we have to wait like everyone else. I was extremely upset and this part of my entire experience still sits so unwell with me. There Should have been more communicated to triage to expeditAiliMOORcare considered it was XXXX Emergency staff who made an error with my infants care.
ne set vices provioeo to my cmio were ramastic. i-iowever, as tne only parent oeing aoie to stay WIlf1 my craugnter awing tne 6t) nours stay, I was not given any services. I was:asked once if I had eaten; I had to request a.pump for my milk and nurses barely came by to ask if I needed more bottles/pumping supplies;  was very emotional and left'alone in my room withoutany support; I had to breastfeed in a busy hallway while waiting for my daughters MRI ... I felt like I was left cornpletely alone, without any support from the staff, while I was going through the most difficult time of my life: Overall, great services to my child but very poor support and assistance for the accompanying parent in distress.
No Comment.
No, it was great but my child is XX and just hated being there to begin with. It has nothing to do with the hospital or staff.
None I hated every second of it and if I ever have to be inpatient again I would rather die all it did was make my mental health a million times worse.
None. The hospital only taught me that I can't be helped, and I will have to do everything myself somehow.
Not sure
Not sure
Not sure if this is about inpatient or outpatient. Outpatient has been good mostly, no real complaints. Inpatient is absolutely horrible. Staff were not patient or understanding, treated like a child, withheld coping mechanisms, locked up in our rooms, kept away from others. Mean staff who didn't check on patients enough. Just all in all a horrible and traumatizing experience any time. I was there.
Nothing to improve. XXXXXXXXXXXXX was incredibly supportive, respectful, compassionate and knowledgeable.
Nothing? I think if I had just asked fortiliNfronn the start and had my doctor consult I would be in a better place in all aspects.
Nurses giving blood work to me were very helpful in distracting me so :I would not faint.
Obviously your patient list is higher than what yOu're capable of deoling with.
Once we were able to get services it was good. The delay of several months during crises to get services was unacceptable. The step up step down program was a great help with great staff.
Only one ring that I really felt uncomfortable about. My was going going000001was completely anxious and when I arrived I said I wasn't vaccinated and they harka strange man escort me to where I needed to go I am extremely uncomfortable near strange men even kind I do not appreciate being escorted as though 1 was a criminal or'something. I was very anxious and now uncomfortable. I would not recommend making any mom feel like that. I would like to know why. I was escorted to where I needed to be as not knew soul came to find me when I needed ro leave the room and wait I was free to roam. It was simply to shame me and make me feel uncomfortable. I have been coming to XXXX since mylitatO was a baby. Newborn toSmonths I was there every XXXXXXX and my MOO has been throughlisurgeries and this last one was the worst experience when arriving and also her follow up appointment same thing a man I do not know brought me.where I needed to go and makes me super uncomfortable and anxious, This needs to change because makes me not want to go unless absolutely necessary
Our aligrokagogigii60111~underwent a significant surgery,46"Iiiiikand all health care practioners at the XXXX provided professional, compassionate, timely and outstanding care. This was a significant time in or lives and very stressful, but the manner in which XXXXXX and we were treated made the experience much more tolerable and in hindsight was a positive experience; the surgery was successful, XXXXX's pain was well-managed, and we were treated with compassion and dignity.
our child was in thelf066014000* The care was excellent in every department hOwever while we were in the PICU we had a nurse named XXXX and he was fantastic. He went above and beyond caring for our son and explaining everything that was going On to ease our. Minds:as bur son had, ,We_were extremely pleased by his professionalism-as well as care and knowledge.
Our night nurse XXX was arnazing!
Our son developed a sudden need for mental health services 3 weeks before the pandemic as a result of severely inadequate accommodations at his intermediate school for histilliaNakeligilltiale$1*. It has been extremely difficult to access mental health services.ever since: a huge barrier has been the pandemic. My son saw Dr. XXXX only once, in XXXXXXXXXX, after my my son had a reaction to that caused him to 0111011#011600001010e We attempted. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to treat his = (there was a gap of 3 months due to the pandemic) only when our son's lack of eating and drinking started to affect hist in XXXXXXXXX was he finally admitted to the inpatient unit at XXXX. The admission to hospital occurred finally after the second visit to ER, with allitiltn hand. Dr. XXXXXXXXX has followed our son since discharge, but only virtually due to the pandemic. I feel that Dr. XXXXXXXXX is a lovely, skilled and caring clinician, I like her a lot, however the virtual format has been a huge barrier for our son. He can't/won't/ is unable to participate in any virtual appointments. We fully understand there is a pandemic going on We as parents feel there has been no accommodations for a child like ours who has .: Although we, the parents have been present during the virtual appointments ... we are not the client who needs treatment and therapy, and has been living with depression since XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Our son does not participate in virtual school either, instead of doing anything related to school, he is sleeping his days away. We pay for ABA services, and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has just started at the suggestion of Dr. XXXXXXXX. It is beyond frustrating that we have been trying to access XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX since XXXXXXXX, that all services are siloed and virtual. We are not much better off then we were a year ago. Our son does not feel better, in fact is disillusioned by all these adults who are supposed to help him feel better. It has been terribly disappointing to hear that virtual appointments will continue until at least XXXXXXX ... that is another 6 months... of suffering for our son ... and suffering for ourfannily. We have recently started virtual appointments with Dr. XXXXXXXX, who appears to be very skilled and experienced. It is very frustrating to be in exactly the same place we were last XXXX, when we worked on attachment with XXX virtually. Again we are not the ones who need therapy, and the virtual format is a barrier to our son, receiving mental health support. I do hope that in future you will consider the barriers that virtual appointments have for some clients. It is not working for our family.
Our son was referred 8g. sent to the XXXXX where they diagnosedMIMKONNOMikand treatment had begun!
Out Social Worker and Doctors
Over all the staff was wonderful, the restrictions due to covid were excessive and confusing
Overall had a great experience, The IV,,clid shift and the baby's arm swelled up and I believe that could have been prevented by checking on it but I also understand that he was asleep and nurses were trying to not wake him so it was missed.
Overall our care was excellent. However, mistakes were made that resulted in a longer stay and potentially worsened her condition. I was impressed with how much communication there was with families and how seriously we were taken in determining her care.
Parenting tips
Providing many options for future mental health support, making sure current options fit my circumstances, answering questions
Regardless of the staff's position, people all took pride in their work. 1 really feel you have built a positive culture and I will never forget your kindness in a really personally challenging time. Your staff want to be there and it is much more than just a job to them. Thank you so-much
Regular and consistent meeting with a psychiatrist for rimy child does help. Medication helps.
Response time for clinic appOintrnents; care plans, follow through on promise of a treatment program that never happened, disappointment with dr response to clinic appointment. We have no idea of what the path forward is and our daughter is not progresSing. A patient should never be told she is one of many and they are very busy, it made her feel not sick enough or not important. Now it is affecting her care and mental state.: I sent an email on MyChart in XXXXX and it still has not been read.
Reviving.the contact information of the other participants who were in the same situation as me.
Room changes - cause lots of anxiety ear plugs/noise cancelling ear/headphones need to be on site somewhere for patients
Sessions with XX psychologist.
She spent her time there just prior to and during XXXXXX weekend.  She was moved around four times, which is hard when you have anxiety and you are alone, you just get somewhat comfortable in your surroundings and they keep changing.  There were no activities as it was :a holiday weekend. This I found odd, people in the hospital are not on a holiday. She did one activity for 10 mins in the 6 (I believe it was) days that she was there. She was given medication which takes weeks to work so she basically sat there alone and stressed. I travelled over 3 hours every day to sit with her  She now has the mindset that if she is feeling bad she won't say anything to us because she would not want to go there, this troubles us. She is receiving care from Dr. XXXX and that's great, we are thankful for that. My other complaint was the parking. 1 was told to purchase parking and whatever I don't use to just return it, when I tried the lady working in the parking dept looked at me and was unkind, I was misinformed. Just extra added stress. My other children have been in XXXX and we always had an amazing treatment team however this time felt very different.
Shout out to nurses XXXXXXX & XXXXXX on the 4th floor who did EVERYTHING in order to keep our little happy as much as can be. Only complaint was the lack of communication with the actual doctors. Even the nurses could not get a hold of them to get us more information about our child's situation. No timeline given for our stay - or reasons for extra nights spent at the hospital. She had a negative COVID-19 test results but they decided to give her another test after the results came in and that kept us in 'isolation'. We were unable to go get ourselves a coffee or food, or needed an escort if we wanted some fresh air. Love the A La Carte food ordering system, but because of the lack of information with doctors, our child was left fasting for 24 hours and getting food past 10prn was impossible. Communication with treating physicians need to be improved.
So grateful for the support that is supporting us to keep our family together. XXXXXXXXXXXXX is intuitive knowledgeable so caring and kind. She has been central to our family's ability to undertake this journey we are on.
Speed, transparency, the doctors actually telling me when I'm gonna get medicine I need
statrsnouici not deny a patient ot their experience, no matter how unusual the situation .may Cie to them: I hey were not there; didn't witness anything, therefore have no right to talk to the patient as though they know better: They do not. DOctOrs Should not make assumptions on the condition of the patient, after a simple 1 hr and a half session with them. This can heavily discourage the patient and make them feel as though they:were mistaken about their current state. I feel that, unless they are 100% certain, they should not make a guess on what the patient's diagnosis may end up being.
Still waiting.
Talking to my psychiatrist, and to the mental help team (don't remember the name).
Talking to my very nice therapist.
Thank you all for the impeccable care given to XXXXXX. There was never a time during our stay, where was concerned she wouldn't be ok. Anyone could see you are all incredibly busy, short staffed and yet .I never felt that her care reflected any of that XXXXXX had the best care from everyone who walked through her door. Thank you all for everything you do. You are all incredible people.
Thank you doctors and nurse for taking care of my Child. Sincerely, XXX)00(XXXXXXXX,
Thank you for helping my son. Everyone was very nice and treated us with respect. You guys were amazing.
Thank you so. much XXXX. We loye you!
Thank you to all staff for taking care of my baby
Thank you. We had a great experience in 4 north.
THANK YOU] II
That they talked to me respectfully like an adult.
The beginning of therapy is always awkward. Maybe a form to fill out about your problems would be nice, because it's easier to write it down than look someone in the eye and tell them
The child kids workers were great. They provided a much needed distraction from what was going on.
The child life specialistO—O was BEYOND phenomenal. My daughter was getting and at ageOthis is terrifying. XXXX went above:and beyond to make her comfortable. Even going so far as to finding a doll to give her and having the doll get an nellIMONSO She truly was an angel and so good to my daughter. I am forever grateful for the love and care and gave.
The competence of the professionals is extremely high. They are also very kind and thoughtful.
The coordination of treatment could be improved. Taking a trauma-informed approach includes not asking the patient to tell and retell their stories. Building in 10 minutes of review time before each session would help reduce the need for patients to provide updates themselves.
The counsellor gave me time to explain and was patient
The current: Dr. I am meeting with has Offered me text lines and even his. own personal phone nurriber, in case of an emergency. That is helpful and I am grateful.
The CYCs in the EDP on 4N are fantastic (as are the doctors and social workers). The CYCs provide constant support to both parents and patients that is effective and caring.
The cyc's on staff were very nice and knowledgeable
The doctor I spoke to was very compassionate and honest with what my expectations should be if I continued to rely on free community resources. I won't waste anymore time on wait lists. My son needs help now and unfortunately that means we will have to pay for it.
The doctors and nurses were all givat with my son. However my husband had -Co wait in our van for 7 his becauSe Of Ovid rules, We live and hour and'a half away and he couldn't just go home. In the future please:consider making exceptions for parents who live far away. I Understand having only parent in.the waiting area but:1 didn't see why my husband couldn't be in theexaM room. When the Surgeon came to talk to-us about the procedure I would have felt much better if my husband could have been there. The surgeon .who .explained. everything to my ton was great. XXXXX did my sons ultrasound and he was, so nice and made my son and I feel very comfortable. My sons nurse xxXxxk was aMazing and so helpful With him overnight.
The doctors spent.the time we needed, with us. We had ample time to think and ask questions.
The Dr. XXXX and his attending who conducted the surgery were fantastic - the nurses were wonderful. I feel truly blessed as a parent to have such a great hospital in my community. Bravo!
The emergency services, the emergency psychiatrists are particularly good dealing with unstable people
The first time in my life someone thought my problem could be genetic, so that was really good to hear and made me more trusting of the organization
The food service is completely unacceptable. I should not have to call friends and family to bring in food to feed my child that was the patient so that they have something to eat. Also JELLO IS NOT VEGAN. That being on the vegan menu could have killed my son if it was given to my son by a nurse who did not know as it was listed on the vegan menu. You also need to look into you number of puree items.
The group was great. The topics of discussion were timely and relevant to our youths. The host and guest presenters were up to date on our children's progress.
The health care providers are excellent (and overworked). That said, the waiting times are insufferable. I don't understand how a major urban hospital does not have an ultrasound technician on staff during the evening or night - mainly since the information gathered from such tests can prevent harmful consequences - such as 4111MOSIO. Incidentally, this was my second 40+ hour visit to XXXX this year Each should have been much shorter.
The hospital staff. we amazing and so caring  and kind. She especially loved.Nurse:XXXX when he made. her laugh. She talked about how funny he was.for day5 after we carne hOrne. All the staff are incredible.
The hospital while I was inpatient dealing with a transphobic roommate
The material that was taught was extremely basic and already known by all the participants. We werealso talked to like we were 5 years old, not like teenagers {15-17 .years old).
The nurse in the rooirjust before surgery (not the 1st room or playroom area) where the Tylenol and sedative is given was horrific: Everyone except her was fabulous and helped put us at ease. The nurse in the pre op room (0100115801100001100MM was: rude, disrniSsive and iris clue to her lack of professionalism and disdainfor faitilieS that lead to my daughter not getting her sedative before surgery. She caused needless stress and actually spoke ,down to us, _She did nothing but bark orders and then try.to sharrie us for not knowing what to do. She did not tell us how CriailiMOVININSINO Shp watched me administer the Tylenol and ,said nothing then I gave sedative aridgialiaMliet$Mtspit it out and She barked 'next time lay her down!' Well there was no next time as it cannot be given again. She did not explain how to give it or that children usually spit that med. It was heartbreaking then in the as my daughter cried and was terrifled'all due to her having a bad day.. She should not be allowed near children. She caused undUe stress:and emotional trauma for no reason. She also never came back to us to chetk on my daughter at all. Horrible woman.
The nurses were absolutely amazing during our stay. In the emergency department I felt like I was being heard and taken seriously (which had not happened atotigifti011an, leading to a misdiagnosis) Before and after 40091111#10surgery our nurse, XXXXXX, was wonderful with XXXXX. She made sure she was comfortable and well take care of. I truly felt like my daughter was in the absolute best hands and I couldn't be more grateful for the care that we received from XXXXXX.
The nurses, staff and doctors were all amazing. 5 stars? The 9/10 was mainly because the hospital isn't the newest in the country and could have minor updates (more private rooms, no shared rooms ...). But honestly, everything was amazing.
The only issue was that I was waitingin he hall for my daughter to be finished surgery: I was left there without any indication she was done. The nurse called me on my cell saying XXXXXX was all done and in the room crying worried I had left her  So that bothered me. I wanted to be there when she was out. To comfort her. Our nurses were phenomenal!!! Truly:outstanding service and dedication to care. Doctors in the surgery room were colder and again neglected to tell me she was out or where to go! Overall best hospital ever for children! And I feel very grateful to have XXXX so close to home Thank you God bless
The only problem with XXXX is long waiting times. Once you get there, the service is very good.
The opportunity to ,speak with the provider and have the parent overview and feedback:considered and valued.
The PSW's were amazing. All of the staff from the nurses, psw's, cleaners, everyone was working.so hard to keep our little ones comfortable. There was a nurse and I wish I could remember her name, she was on the 4th floor. She called the spot team and from that point I truly felt like my son was being taken care of. Well done to all the hard working staff. Also the amazing people who bring the food up, they were so kind.
The rooms of 6 East. and just the general look to make it look more happy.
The services provided by XXXX were great! However, community services for psychologists/ therapists were extremely difficult to find.
The sodal worker we were supposed to meet.with for an assessment on XXXXXXXXXXXXX never showed up to our Zoom appointment. We have left 4 messages to reschedule and no one has returned our call. We are very frustrated.
The staff and care at XXXX were excellent. We felt very confident.to entrust our daughter's care to Dr. XXXX and the rest of the support medical team. Thank you!
The staff and nurses at XXXXwere amazing! They made:a hard einOtionaltithe a lot eaSier. My child made great friendships 'with the staff as.they madeher feel very comfortable. in a scary situation. Thank you. XXXXJ
The staff are .wonderful and always around whenever they are needed.
The staff at XXXX are amazing, they go above and beyond, are so kind, caring and informative.
The staff were really kind and understanding
The staff/nurses and doctors on 4 North were amazing
The time and availability of Dr: XXXXX and some nurses were truly helpful and much appreciated in our time of need: The virtual sessions scheduled With soda! worker XxXxxXXXXXXXXXXX have also been helpful in getting outreach support in our community.  Upon arriving on the 6th floor inpatient unit, we were greeted and escorted to my daughter's room. She was told what she could keep/not keep with her, then introduced to the rooms on the unit while we sat on her bed. The nurse told us orientation would came 'later,' that we would get a call 'tomorrow! and that we could visit our daughter any time. That call never came. We returned the following afternoon, hoping to meet someone to ease our minds about leaving our daughter in an inpatient ward the day before.'HoWever most of the staff said they were newly assigned to the ward and would have to follow up to provide us with the details concerning certain logistic questions and our daughter's inpatient treatment. Towards the end of. our daughter's first week, a nurSe, seeing how distraught I was, stopped Me:on my Way out He sat down with me and listened. He'gave me an admission folder for parepts, then explained the details of the program, it's functioning as well as the modifications brought to the program, due to CQVID. He apologized for the ward's leek of professiOnalism: how our daughter wasn't properly admitted upon her arrival as per protocol and the lack of communication with us, the parents, before our departure that night. Asa parent of a child in crisis, his actions were defining of his. character and provide us with the long overdue answers, reassurance and sUpport We needed.
The validation and empathy from staff
The wait time for appointments in my case could've been a lot better and longer session times and/or multiple appointments in the psychiatric area
The waiting time should be reduced Significantly.
The whole process surrounding mental health care for teens needs to be changed.
THE. NURSING STAFF IN EMERGENCY AND ON 4 NORTH AND 4 WEST WERE ALL EXCELLENT AND TOOK VERY GOOD. CARE OF MY SON.
There could be a better communication between the staff members. The dietician should try food that she/he plans to be given to the patient with an eating disorder to understand how awful it is (for example: a lemon squares is disgusting or those sugary cup cakes). That inedible food only contributes to an eating disorder. Pseudo Mexican food is served on a regular basis to patients who are not Mexicans and dislike that kind of food. Hard to chew dry tacos shell is served with dry fried grinded beef that looks like gravel and is served with whole kernel corn - it is the worst meal ever served to treat the eating disorder. The person who decides what kind of food is ordered to XXXX should eat it before the meal is served to patients. The dietician complains about the variety of food ordered by the hospital and says she has limited opportunities of choice. Hopefully, my complain will change something. It is so important to serve edible food for patients with eating disorder, otherwise; they would never recover from that disease.
There was an organization wide computer problem our 2nd day which is obviously unpredictable. But, it seemed there were no back up plans in place, for example they couldn't give pain meds on time because the computer wasn't working. This is my only negative comment/experience and we were well cared for otherwise
There was one medication error with my child - my child was given an extra does of antibiotics in the transfer from the Emergency department to a floor. She was given the dose when she left Emergency and then again when she arrived on a floor. There was no harm done by this error; but it has-made me aware how easy it is for these kinds of Mistakes to be Made: It would be useful to give caregivers More information about:dosages being given to their child so that they can dotible check that Whet IS being given is'appropriate since the communication within the hospital doeS not appear to be fool-proof. Theie was also an instance Where someone appeared to take my child for an x-ray, without any explanation of what the x-ray was for At the time the nurse on.he floor was not aware that an x-ray had been ordered and no one was able to explain it to Qs, SQ we did not let our child go for the x-ray. In the end, the doctors decided that an x- ray was not needed, but.someone still Showed .up again the next day to take our child for an x-ray, even though it had been discussed and decided that it was not needed at that point Other than the extra dose of antibiotics and the lack of communication surrounding the X- ray, we were extremely impressed with the care our child received at XXXX. Our child was not always an easy patient and the nurses and doctors remained very professional ,and patient with our child. Best deli, they fixed her medical issue and we were eventually able tb come home, healthy and safe.
They gave me no information and no resources on how to help fix my they simply said I just needed toViirand that .I was medically unstable. Very vague when answering questions
They let mecosieep With my daughter and I reallY- -appreciated it!! She needed the extra support through the night andOithigibUilit.: helpful for fluid Intake on too-of the IV..Thank you I!!
This hospital stay was a positive - both with interactions with the staff, resident and nurses and overall staffing of the hospital. My child felt comfortable and safe as this was her second stay of this nature.
This is too long. And.theoptions are not always a good fit. Better to collect and categorize comments from parents. I was impressed by the morning huddle but best not.tO share: the earbuds during .covid unless you•coMmunicate that.they aresanitized after every use. 1-c.an't believe I put those in. my ears. What was I thinking? Parents arenever in optimal condition when they are at XXXX..
This questionnaire is for people who have received services from XXXX, WE HAVE NOT. We weren't really sure the questions since we received zero direct help/treatment from XXXX only referrals to organizations. We had to beg XXXX for help even though we were referred to XXXX by our family doctor. All that we have received to date from XXXX are lists of referrals outside XXXX and in some instances the referrals given to us were either closed or unreachable. We were eventually able to have our daughter interviewed by phone by a psychologist and social worker, this was arranged by XXXX but only because we called everybody and anybody we could at XXXX to help us in a timely manner. We want to stress that some people we spoke with at XXXX (by phone only never in person) or communicated in writing are genuinely and sincerely interested in helping but resources are simply not available. We also want to stress that the POOR SERVICE we received is only for services related to mental health. We have received medical help for our daughter that is not related to mental health and we have no complaints, it appears XXXX simply does not have the resources to help children with mental health issues. We understand that XXXX is trying to stretch its limited resources but the current approach .resulted in very little help an not timely. In essence, the current approach is deferring children's mental health issues to the point that the children eventually become adults with the same undiagnosed and untreated mental health issues.
Translated from .French - The wait time to see a psychiatrist because 1 was in.alkiliit in XXXX and I had to wait 3 months for my 1st meeting and medication.
Translated from French  By learning about my condition and being able to develop strategies. I have also been very well listened to and validated.
Translated from French - During this stay, my child had to see an occupational therapist who had to evaluate agogiegosiorgon. DesPite his file and his bracelet indicating an allergy, she Mile with food tb which he had allergies (intolerances). Also, my child had undergone a surgery and had not eaten for 35 hours and she didn't suggest to' "prepare' my child's stomach by:trying water in small doses or food in small quantity. The result: my child vomited again.everything that:she allowed him to eat. I think that a more gradual approach should have been suggested before my appointment with her. Thank you
Translated from French - Excellent carel The team is absolutely incredible!
Translated from French - For this.stay of my child at the hospital, I would like to emphasize the excellent work of Mrs. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, Mrs. XXXXXXXXXXXX, Dr. XXXXX, Dr. XXXX as well as the XXXX team.
Translated from French  I am a person that likes to have labels so its important for me to be told my condition clearly like a clear diagnosis.
Translated from French - I will no longer accept that :with a device with which she presses a buffo,"`
Translated from French - My child is anxious and that aspect could have been better managed. She was told to drink a lot of water to see her belly well during the ultrasound and avoid the intravenous, but folloWing the ultrasound had to operate (= ). Which caused still more stress: results the nurses did not succeed in inserting the intravenous before the fourth try. This was a terrible experience for her. There was also an error during admission; and she was given the bracelet of another person, she realized it a few hours after.our arrival at the hospital. Then, at the ultrasound, she was asked to be fasting. The next day then since she was reacting well to the antibiotics she was told to eat but barely 15 minutes after the surgeon came by and prevented her from eating until the operation (which was 9 hours later). She was so happy at the idea of eating but then was crying so much because she couldn't eat. The operation was explained to her, the mask for sleeping but not the bandages, the scars, the red-colored belly, underwear and pants disappeared upon wake up, the recovery room, etc. The fact that the doctors.speak only English added to her stress because she didn't understand the explanations or what would hapPen. More French-speaking staff would be truly a plus. Too many teams, (resident, doctors, fellow, nurse, surgeon) difficult to follow who is who, they don't all present themselves in a clear way. The directions Change very quickly. Following the operation, pain is difficult to manage so the nurse suggests to keep her another night. Less than an hour later, someone gave us our discharge from the hospital, we have 30 minutes to leave. Everyone at the hospital was nice but these changes of direction for an anxious child, doesn't help in creating.an environment of confidence becauseit changes too quickly, all the time  Despite everything very good care, excellent staff and well-organized hospital.
Translated from French - Put in place consultation hospital clinics at the disposition of children (where they can-stay, for a few days or weeks, in case of need).
Translated from French - Thank you enormously for all the good care provided to my children. We are very grateful and very privileged to have :a hospital like XXXX.
Translated from French - Thank you enormously for the service that yo0 offered to my child. I will be eternally grateful to you. Despite that some professionals didn't speak or little French, we used Google Translate which was very useful.
Translated from French - The care allowed creating a greater amount of detailed data that allowed to better follow the development of my needs and adapt the treatment.
Translated from French - The fact of being able to leave a message for my psychiatrist in MyChart and she calls me back quickly.
Translated froM French - The kindness of Dr XXXXXX and his professionalism.
Translated from French - The nurses team from 4 West is very professional ,and very gentle with children. A big thank you to this super team.
Translated from French - The wait before receiving services. My daughter had a in XXXXXXXX and was not able to see :a ,..— psychiatrist before XXXXXXXX (3 months of waiting) so her because she didn't receive any medication. -
Translated from French - The wait time, the explanations, take time for the clients.
TranSlated from french - To be able to speak in one's native language. When I was there for 1 month I only met 2 people who spoke French.
Translated from French - Very good service, thank you.
Translated from French - We would like to thank the team of Dr. XXXXXXXXX in the 5 East unit. They were Super with our child as Much during his stay as on his return home. We are highly grateful.
Translated from French - What to do for no longer accompanying a child thatatietellealiet.
Translated from French - Your hospital knew how to give back a sense of life of my son and his family who haditriagen011000* for more than one year. We can again have good plans without asking ourselves when the next pain crisis will be. Everyone is sleeping better and that's thanks to you. Thanks a million!
Translated from French —During a prior hospitalization (XXXXXXXXX), the menu for food was more varied. There was more choice than the one during the last hospitalization. We had problems with the application to do the food ordering. Otherwise; everything was perfect. The staff is also always attentive to the needs of children.  Hats off to XXXX!!
Translated from French- Excellent overall:evaluation .Bilingualism should be worked on
Translated from French -Thank you for the excellent care. Extraordinary service. Cafeteria service truly well adapted to children and also for4410#A lot less service in French since the beginning of the pandemic; which can be understandable.
Translated from French -Thank you for your good care!
Translated from French -Thank you to:all the staff of XXXX (doctors, care staff and orderlies, housekeeping). Your good care for' and your support greatly facilitated our stay during these trying times when our children are sick. Thanks a million!
Translated from French -The staff and the employees should be better educated and better trained in order to be able to correctly respond to the special needS of certain patients.
Treat children with mental health problems the same as you would treat a child with an injured arm, for example : If a child visits XXXX because of an injured arm, the child will be immediately examined by nurses and doctors, the doctors will determine the nature of the injury and take all necessary measures to address the injured arm in a timely and appropriate manner. Please do the same for children with mental health issues, they need real help that is timely and appropriate and not be redirected to some other organization for help.
Try to have more control on families that come in during the night and that they keep everyone awake.
Understanding that services have been affected by the Covid pandemic, ideally: Earlier access to program and more information about program available to family physicianS MOre spaces available` fOr in-person services More frequent outpatient appointments With consistent professionals vs whoever is available In person appointments
uur experience with b svormitast overall was a positive one. ine one oiggest niccup was tree rules surrounaing nay passes ano s...uviv were not made clear to us. As a result; my. was put in isolation for 10 days. On top of his mental health issues, this only made matters worse. We. were very disappointed in XXXXs lack of communication in this regard. Especially since during this time; there were no restrictions for vaccinated indiViduals. The only other problem:we ran into was a breach of cOnfidentiality. A staff member shared personal information about my son to other patientsduring a group session. He was devastated and unable to trust this staff member and participate in the group after:
Very disappointing. They discharged her based on ., k.. - ;ok they were good, but last time it dropped very quick and they did not consider this information. She ha .,.: : . • Also, it felt like they were doubting that she was having a Or that she was nauseous and feeling sick. They were doubting! The nurse came to her bathroom and started looking her on the toilet, she grabbed her pad and "look she's not soaking the pad", but she did not consider the amount of blood that she left in the toilet. She was discharged and herilleiersisted for more than a week:after .that The instructions were if she soaks 1 pad every 30 min she can return to the hospital. Remember: the 1st hospitalization she soaked much less. If she's not dying she can not stay at the hospital for observation?! Terrible experience for her, who got home crying and scared of how they conduced the situation, she almost died and that's the way that the hospital treated her. Congratulations XXXX
VERY GOOD information on medications and treatment - I never once felt like I wasn't responsible for my own treatment, nor did .I ever feel uneducated on what decisions I was making
Very impressed and thankful for the care received for my newborn daughter,
Virtual sessions
was asked to leave overnight which .I do not agree with. Both parents should be allowed to stay overnight to assist with caring for a baby. — — -, ' ,— I don't believe it is fair or ethical to ask my partner to leave as I needed help caring fa .. , .,' so I could get some sleep too. We were quiet and not disruptive and did not have any roommates. The staff could not give us one valid reason for needing, to leave.
We are always impressed with our visits at XXXX and this time was no different Despite the extra stress that the staff of this hospital has undoubtedly had to face in light of the pandemic, they continue to excel at what they do and how they do it. We as a family, and as a community, are so fortunate to have this wonderful facility and we owe a huge debt of gratitude to the people who work there.
We are lucky to have access to XXXX, and with few exceptions the care was excellent. Knowing the added pressure the staff are under due to COVID, the level of care was strong. There were alcouple of situations where staff were interested in my child's explanation of symptoms,:etc:, but too busy to hear additional context from me, which I believe contribUted to delays, including us initially waiting 11 hours befote we were seen at:which point401011111.rwas diagnosed, and his pain had escalated considerably by the time the surgery could be scheduled. One other note is that I did find there were a few pOints Where I had to repeatedly advocate for pain manageMent, With what felt like a long wait in between. But with very few exceptions, all staff from janitors, food service, :nu rses and doctors, were kind and helpful.
We arrived at the hospital on-XXXXXXXXX witha#110$06111101111111110We needed to wait thrOugh the night forrny son to.have an ultrasound An emergency department should be able to provide emergency ultrasounds as heeded. On XXXXXXXXX he had the ultrasound and the reSults were mit Clear. One cliktor said if he wasn't in so. much pain she would send us home but decided to do. a .CT span instead. Sp we waited.until the afternoon for the Crscan. Afterthe. Cr sca n things finally moved *lair and he Was teken into turgery:AlthoUgh nobody WaS:able to tell me,...1think.it.is. likelys.thatail hile we werewahing jn the ER.fornea1y24. hours Rely hetween. the ultrasouhd and CT sCan). Oncethesurgery happened, and he Was admitted, I SpOke with the nursing Staff aboutpurccincerns.about sharing a room.Vith another family. Ourson has:MageaSSOOMpagabnd we had spent the previous 15 Months of the pandemic fully itolated without Sharing any indoor airspace With other people-Awe-1W% avoided grocery-stores, family.visits„. etc).. Suddenly sharjng air-with hoSpital staff and unrneSked roommates wasa huge concern'. I felt thatour concernt-Were entirely brushed off: We were told that roommates werescreened for Covid. At this point in the pandemic. i.woUld hope that we all know thafkreening Will not find asymptorriatic cases. Cansidering the:abundance of rapid and PCRtests'.in Canadeit should be common practice for peopieforced to sharer-owns tobe tested daily,  Although. not related tO this stay I aril also gbingto take a enoitent to disCuss4406014011108014004k His symptoms started in XXXX and webrought him to the'XXXX'emergency department and were entirely dismissed: We then brought him to our family doctor who c.alled the neUrologydepartMent at XXXX to Confer and, without:Seeing him or talkingtp him, they told herthat it was tigliiii.*Thanicfully for-my son; he has moms who were ableto continue fighting to find him adequate. care outside-of XXXX. We found a paecliatricianto treat him-and novAMOStikare'entitely controlled. it'S terrifyingtO think aboutwhat his life would be like. now ifwo had listened.to the doctors at XXXX. We are on a waiting litttollik§~61105161ff and the surgeOn we spoke with at XXXX thankfully Was.aware of,. and educatedrntatiiiit It was the first and Only eXperiente we have had at:XXXX since XXXX where we:felt that oursOn's medical history was understood. PL4ASE.do moreto trainstaffon this disorder sci that mOre children del not fall into the cracks. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
We arrived to the ER under instructions from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and were under the impression that we were going to be admitted right away, as XXX had called ahead to the Orthopedics Department and made arrangments for us to be taken there immediately upon arriving. We were instead sent though triage and proceeded to wait in the wait room for approximately 3 hours. By the time we had been seen by the ortho resident, my son had Wiilkaidakiiiffor nearly 10 hours and was more bothered biliiffalillait#90 Alatalgideatageg. I am not sure if there was a breakdown of communication between the two hospitals or a lack of hand over between shifts but I was disappointed and frustrated to have to try and comfort myegilikidelfgliiNibinwith his injury,iiiiii* a ndrAtiallaN at 10 pm not knowing if he was heading into surgery that evening or not That being said, once admitted, the remainder of our stay at XXXX was fantastic. Dr. XXXX is wonderful. Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX was fantastic. The nursing staff on 4 North were angels and made XXXXX welcome and comfortable. We were kept informed at all times and XXXXX's discharge was a breeze.
We arrived..by ambulante to. XXXX.ernergency withilltOmMOMMIr4With mylyear old. We arrived at 4pm. Wespents18.hours at XXXX-before surgery•Was done (4 befOre an ultrasound was done): HiS sephaftkompoNtwaiwor resulting in an extended Stay: We spent-13.daystotal in hospital. We feel we likely could have avoidedipPliffliffiNialtelifikind the long recovery had surgery been stheduled:sooher:-.Mylittwas-in...a terrible' amount of-pain -The nurSet' in. the OR recovery spoketorne at length-about rhy-ahaving difficultly coming out of the anesthesia .andareouiring oxygen Several times in.recovery. Shelet me know that it could happy ovee molt ingtfirst nightof. recovery too. We happened to be leavihg the recovery area.at the same time as a nursing change.so our 'file' was transferred Wanother nurse, and the.transferred again as we. wer  Moved upstairs-to 4 West Once settled back.in our toorn,-oUr attending nursepn4west was.asked by me about monitorind#,SoXygen. She said it waSn't neceSsary because.it waSn't ontacharti. I mentioned-to herwhat the team in the...011- hadtold me and still insisted it wasn't necessary. Furthertothat, we wereesked to move rooms Within 90 mins of post opp: In with a baby for the night, sUper clOSe to the the nursing. No.one even had been in at that poihtto ask ahout*Oltpain. That first night was horrific. The nursing station was loud, the baby cried40Was in pain, and it was his hIght nurse that nOtiCed his short breathesand putailon an oxygen monitor (as I had asked 5 tirnes about).Woxygen levels were below 83. so. was-given oxygen all through outthat night. The nurse on duty during the.day did come.and apologize to me the f011oWing day, and We were MoVed toa differentrocim but this first hight Was absolutely. horrifiC after waiting 18 hours for surgery -41e1Mgotcp.iitea bit sicker from that pOint,.developing 5 post operative abscesses.:Sthad a fot of troublemaking it to the bathroom„we had techangeigbed becauSe of accidents' numerous tirnes Of day for the first few days. I mcistly did this myself and asked for new bedding: At one:point I poirod out the bathroom shoUtil becieaned if we wereto be given a roornMate -While I dO lovethatXXXX:is a nursing.hOspital !feel the nursing students can be a lot for a child recovering frOm surgery who hasn't slept in days. The first few very tough nights post surgery, i. feltiellitust needed sleep. The.nurses.and nurSing students were cOming.in at different titnet VD do vitalS: Finally I aSked them to .corne in together soiiiONISOcould try and g6i some straight sleep. - We also were exposed td COVID during Our stay and ended up in isolticin - I do believe that we received good.care at XXXX,-but the experience with-the nurse not listening to me aboutsomething as:simple as oxygen monitoring, the rapid Movernent Of rOoms Without eVen asking ifirilliWis ok post surgery and then significant istueS111,^had. post operatively deflnitely has poorly.coloured our experience. Otherwise, I do have a lot of other Ocisitive thingstO.Say..
We encountered a problem with a shared room. My daughter had The first night was a shared room with ingefitekiat The second night, wasiiiitilellakeiretWONSIMONSINWAV she had a lot of doctors coming and in out. The.other girl had taken over the room has her own, even the bathroom. That was very upsetting to my daughter who is41010041600.66illiiii§lial. We finally got my daughter moved to another room but we were very upset to be put in that position. That other patient should have gotten a special room with all her differences for care.
We had a great stay* )(XXX. The Staffiniere friendly, approachableand madeburstay easier fOr not.only usi but- oltr sorlt;
We had a very bad experience with a: porter. She announced this washer first day and was unable to move my son by herself, She asked me .if I Would help, but as I have never moved a medical stretcher before I refUSed: One of the MRItechs ended up doing it and the porter actually said to her at one point 'you'll have to show me how to do that I've never seenAhat before' when the'tech preSsed some kind of pedal with her foot. The porter asked me my:tooth number and then put me in front of the wrong room. I was tired and overwhelmed so did not notice until I opened the,d9Pr. A nurse then yelled 'that'S not your rootn ,46110ailitaNikaialkalikagOgiginbliftWilip. eattiaitThe whole thing was very upsetting and traumatic. I actually cried. It was awful, That porter should not have been working, she had no idea what she was doing and was obviously not trained sufficiently.
We had.a poor experience with the surgeon Dr. XXXX. He barely introduced himself the day of the surgery. During our recovery, he described briefly what he did during the surgery and stated we needed to stay 48 hrs without really deeply explaining why. He dismissed my questions in a disrespectful attitude. He never spent more than 1 minute to talk or provide more information. He is probably a skilled surgeon, I thank him for his care but he could learn more social skills and how to interact tactfully with parents and patients Our nurse XXXXXX was a charm we liked having her  The residents and doctors (except XXXX) were very good too. The room we'were in (room X) was ok but noisy and busy. We still do not understand why we were placed there! My husband and I both have insurance and we could have been placed in a semi private room. Although we asked to, change room, the nurses never fulfilled our request!
We have never needed XXXX before. I always see kits of commercials and fundraisers talking about how wonderful XXXX is I can now 100% agree that we are extremely lucky to have XXXX. At the end of our stay didn't even want to go home. The environment and staff made the stay a comfortable and home like environment. Toys and activities and lots of staff checking in Thank you to all of the fabulous staff at XXXX!
We have regular meets with the team of experts to discuss everything.
We saw XXXXXXXXXXXXX. She was wonderful. We felt safe with her. She spoke to our.child with incredible respect. She reassured us (the parents), and provided us with many wonderful resources to support us as parents who want to support our child.
We spoke with our provider about hoW my son felt when the provider started to wind down the session at.45 minutes to prepare for the next client. My son felt that he was just a number. Our provider changed her approach and• was wonderful! I am men'oning this inic case other providers do the same. My son waftivhn he started treatment which is still ongoing and he has juSt turned ears old.
We were overall happy with the experience. One big issue is with nurses coming into shared rooms overnight. I understand that they need to help the patients overnight, however, no effort was made to be quiet or courteous to my baby who just had surgery and was trying to sleep. They had to come in multiple times per hour to tend to the baby in bed 2. They would talk at full volume and turn all the lights on each time. This made it impossible for my baby to get the much needed sleep after surgery.
We would like to thank all the nurses on 4 West floor for the amazing care they provided Allitiattluring our stay. The surgeons, nurses, child care specialists and the rest of the team were dedicated, caring and compassionate. Somehow, they managed to always be in a great mood when interacting with us. We know that these are unprecedented times and that the healthcare sector is definitely overworked and understaffed, but you wouldn't know it when dealing with anyone there. Everyone  as so kind and just absolutelyw amazing. Although we could not have been happier to be discharged after our 8 night stays :0 did comment that she would miss everyone who cared for her. We cannot thank your team enough for everything they did for our daughter. We are just so grateful!
We would like to thank the• nursing staff in 4W for the care and attention that was paid to10111111XXXXXX during hisigIday stay at XXXX. In particular, a huge thank you to XXXX)0(XX, XXXXXX-and XXXX who paid extra close attention to XXXXXX well-being, Thank you to XXXXXXX, XXXXX and XXXXX who were always happy to help when we needed assistance. Special thanks to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, who called us two weeks after being released to check in on XXXXXX progress and has made herself available to us as XXXX works on 00111666010,6duringhis stay.
We:are extremely grateful to have received the serVices proVided to us, whether that be counseling sessions'; therapy or parental workshops, I don't knoW hoW we would have coped. Thank yOul
Well for starters they had be taken by security like I'm Lindsay Lohan and then locked me in a room. Also the treatment plan makes no sense. Why are we limited to certain amounts of water? Also too overwhelming you can't make someone all a sudden start eating cupcakes with pizza and milk. Also they forced me to eat tuna. Also the room was so uncomfortable, I begged for curtains to help me fall asleep. But the absolute worst Part of it all was being woken up at 6 am to just get weighed and then have to try falling back to sleep. I also don't understand why we aren't allowed to have cell phones? Considering I was left alone without my friends being allowed to visit. It would be nice to be able to watch tv and talk to my friends on FaceTime from the comfort of the creepy room.
Wewaited 17 hours in emergency without being offered acrib or bed for our X year old to.s.leep in. That was very frustrating.
When I was done my treatments with the chronic pain clinic they also just stopped giving me mental help which I still needed
When your child is in the ICU for several days & then placed in pediatrics I do not understand how they`can place you in a room with a sick baby. I know it was busy but it makes no sense to me to add another few days with no sleep. There was another crying baby across the hall - why not put them together? I understand there are all ages but if you have an opportunity to match people more complimentary in rooms it would help. It's hard enough to get no sleep on top of a severe illness.
While my daughter was in hospital often she was unable to get the rest necessary to recuperate as there are no curfews enforced and often the adolescent beside her chose to stay up very late with lights on, etc_ I. feel a mandatory lights out policy would be effective, other than when necessary moving patients in and out or for care by urging staff which is needed. This would have helped •my child immensely as often she had trouble getting too sleep due to lights on beside her etc on another note, her appointments always coincided with her morning school schedule which made her very anxious but there were no regular appointments available in the afternOon which was much easier transportation wise for us to get too. Her last appointments were later in the day which has been so much better for us. Last comment, when my daughter had a reaction to the Medication we tried to contact the Clinic and left a message to call us back as to course: of action to take as there was no telephone message indicating that there were no doctors or staff on duty -. this caused us delay in going to emergency as we were expecting a call back. A clear message explaining clinic is closed for day and to go to emerg for immediate concerns etc.would be much appreciated. Another final comment would be that it was very frustrating after waiting many many months for a psychology appointment for my daughter due tilliNgilimany many months), it was deemed that she did not require any follow up after her initial evaluation. From a parent perspective who has dealt and done everything possible accessing psychotherapist in training outside of city while waiting because from our end as wait lists in city privately are impossible to get on, she does need to see a psychologist.to get to the root of the problem. I feel the child while doing the assessment can manipulate the answers and instead should be offered at least one in person, if possible, appointment with a psychologist to truly delve into the problems which caused and continue to cause problems. I strongly believe•rather than treating just the illness medically by doctor, all patients. need to be guaranteed even minimal psych or social worker appointments so as not to relapse. It is a critical component of healing. I understand wait times in terms of many months but after waiting that long I felt that she was just dismissed while she still has issues which cause medical problem whiCh could be resolved with the right treatment.
With One exception, your nurses are angels. My son felt so cared for except for one night. We really appreciated the team and how easy they made things for my little guy.
Wonderful nurses!! .A trying time for us, that was made easier by the fantastic staff from Dr's to nurses to the great cleaning staff and meal prep and delivery personnel. Thanks XXXX!
Working with Dr. XXXXX and being referred to XXX
Would like to mention that most ot the nurses were amazing. We had one nurse three times and we enjoyed her company and she was so nice and sweet and bubbly. She was a highlight of our stay. I would like to mention how they moved my child at 130 am when it was her first time falling asleep in 48 hours and they woke her up and moved her and the person who did so was very short with us and wasn't very understanding of her conditions.
Would love to see more value added to things like getting enough sunshine, fresh air and sleep quality. I can understand shared rooms being necessary at times but with no window access, no outside time and aerpicatilifte011ftwe had very poor sleep quality as well as restricted access to the bathroom in our room due to equipment crowding. There was not enough food tables for the wing and we went most days without one. More rooms or bigger rooms would be an asset. The Child Life program was amazing and would love to see them include outside time with children 'Lovely all around staff at this hospital. Thank you for the care and kindness given during our stay.
XXXX is a great hospital, the issue that I was able to identify in our long emergency stay is a lack of resources (human resources and physical resources) to serve the volume of patients Seeking emergency care especially during viral season. The nurses were visibly burnt out and rushed, and our.transfer to the floor took exceptionally long as residents had many many patients to see. Perhaps this isn't so much a reflection of XXXX's quality per se, but more a funding issue and a need for some expansion. Once we got to the floor the nurses were much more attentive and compassionate as they were not stretched so thin. The quality of care improved significantly once we were admitted to the floor, again because workload was probably more appropriate.. The team of physicians were excellent, attentive and compassionate even though they had many patients to see and rounds was very delayed related to patient load.
XXXX is amazing and l thank.them.frir the great care we received.
XXXX services overall have been amazing and have helped my daughter recovery from 'Prior to XXXX, there was virtually no support for my daughter. Her family physician and professional psychological that we hired were both pretty much useless! My biggest complaint however, is that it we were initially denied access to the iiiiinharikprogram help at XXXX. In fact, it took 7 months from the first time we requested access to XXXX that we were finally admitted. This only occurred because of a call ('out of the blue') from a nurse practitioner in theititigiiitiiiitShe suggested we go to. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX, which is what we did and this is how my daughter was admitted to in patient help as was there for 5 weeks.  Subsequently, we have been following up with the INEONWIN011and have received the best possible help I could ever ask for!! I am eternally grateful to theOMPONIOSIMfor saving my daughters life. Again, I stress that all of the. XXXX staff were incredibly competent and delivered fantastic care!
XXXXX team needs to do serious work on their communications with parents. We agreed to be enrolled in the research program but we had no further follow-up. This is not how research programs work...
XXXXXXXXXXXXX is an amazing:therapist and wonderful with kids and parents alike. As a family teetering on.the brink because. of stress {much related to our daughter'siONNIONIIIMOSOSININhand our inability to respond to her needs) XXXX helped us slowly but surely add essential tools to our kit through .Incredible Years and later setsionsief DDP and PACE. Her work is invaluable!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was lovely
nan
#45 - patient is X yr old, I (mom) have a college diploma When it comes to kids this emerg department doesn't wait around, they are wonderful!
(1) One nurse was rude + belligerent + loud (2) I was to be flown to another town for testing XXX + was notified at 0600 hrs XXXX I was being sent in an hour. My family didn't know they (the hospital) apologized later
1) Should have been explanation of medications to be taken This was not done 2) Bathroom not cleaned during stay Garbage overflowing
1) the staff were excellent but no nurses were ever assigned twice to my care 2) The call button system is very disruptive as it is impossible to get rest in hospital Why did they have to install a system which is heard throughout the floor - This was a worse experience this time because of this system
1) There was a shortage of beds available 2) Nursing staff were run off their feet perhaps staffing could be increased 3) Very good treatment by all employees involved with my stay!
10 days ago I could not breathe at night time I thought I could not live then I went to the doctor I am breathing better now.
10 nights in hospital, 3-4 in isolation until COVID results back. Diagnosed with A- Fib. Condition thoroughly explained, Cardiologists consulted, several days spent in getting right cocktail of drugs to reduce heart rate. Solid explanation of upcoming referrals and probably treatment. At the same time, CT Scan indicated abnormalities with swollen esophagus including swollen lymph nodes. (Yikes) Scoped, biopsied and determined to be cancer free within a very few days. Nursing staff absolutely second to none. Treated by 3 doctors plus surgeon - all very through, very confidence inspiring. We have a great hospital in our town - because our hospital has a exceptional staff. Thank you. XXXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXX
1st Attempt - Survey Completed - No Alert - XX
A fantastic experience The staff and the set up
A few short years ago the hospital had money for plenty of staff, I'm not the only one in town that is told, it's faster to drive an hour to another town to get treated - the dr's and nurses are the best it's the cuts that are the problem
A month before that the nurses were talking in the hallway and talking about other patients in the hospital. Confidentially is big on me and I am a XXXXX. But this time it was not bad. Also one day I only say my nurse in a 12 hour shift that was pretty bad. I did see some others but not my nurse.
A nurse broke both bones in lower leg - putting a shoe on!! Transferred to another facility along with my meds, plus those of 2 other patients meds!! No one ever talked to me about either of these incidents.
A nurse named XXXXXXXX was awesome. Very caring.
Absolutely the best service
After a 6 hours wait the doctor said she could do something if I wait another 2 hours. I told her that I usually go to XXXXXXX (XXXXXXX). So she made an appt. there the following few days later. I was looked after at XXXXXXXX.
After being checked by a doctor which took an hour including wait time it took another hour to be given 2 pills to start my medication. They finally saw me in the hallway waiting I guess they forgot I was there
After being ill a week I wasn't going to be able to see the NP for another week so I went to emerg rather than leaving infection untreated longer.
After my fall, x-rays were taken on my head (no significant injuries) and my arm (fractured elbow) but none on my chest or legs. Later revealed a cracked rib and sprained ankle. The wait to make a decision (call from surgeon in TB) on whether to cast or surgery was very long. I went to the hospital at 7:00 a.m. and was casted ~2:30 p.m.? very long for XX year old woman. Still puzzled on why I was sent back to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX the first night (no night-time PSW) and not kept in the hospital for observation and care as I could not walk.
After XXXXXXXXXXX I was returned to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - went home and returned twice after to get help regarding taking the medicine, which had been ordered for me.
All is good. No complaints.
All other health services were closed, so we had no choice to take our X yr old daughter up to emergency. We waited 6 hrs & still didn't see a dr.! We left as fatigued from the wait!
All the nurses are great.
All the nurses were very good. The pushing the button they cant come right now and I get that but at least they know you have called them. I had no problems with trying to get better. Other then that I'm doing good.
All was good!
Although tests taken when at emerg were all normal, dr on call did not make any effort to suggest what other tests could be taken to rule out what my pain was. Had the same Dr. XXXXX for emerg visits XXXXXX & XXXXXX. Very disappointed I had to do my own research & go back to dr (not my family dr) to request additional tests. Was finally able to book an appt with my family dr. She finally made other suggestions for appts with specialists. The drs in XXXXXXXXXXX are more concerned with spending time away from the clinic to spend time with family & friends. Definitely not old school the way doctors were more dedicated to their patients and their practice. Just my point of view!
Always have that sanitizer now by the door.
Arrived with a tourniquet made from a sanitary pad + shoelace to stop a (unreadable) spraying blood from a ruptured leg vein was not looked at until requested after 3 hr. by dr. after (unreadable) + hr patient is XX yrs otherwise physically fit.
As far as I am concerned it is top notch. The doctors and nurses are excellent at doing their jobs. When I was in there IVIG every month they were so wonderful.
As her husband I thought the treatment - surgery + nursing to be excellent. I could not believe how clean + the staff was well organized They were Maybe we will be back in 6 - 8 months Thank you XXXX + XXXXX
As I go often for phlebotomies as I have polycythemia I do not feel this applies to me as I go to emerg schedule & lab nurses take my vitals of blood off Thank you
As I said, they should have checked on me during the 2 1/2 hours in waiting room I didn't appreciate to be told to hurry up by nurse just before going into surgery. I was in extreme pain. Her words were "Hurry up Doctor is waiting" ... ??? I almost passed out twice and felt very nauseous I was sitting in chair as I was not comfortable to lay in bed They said I should have pressed the alarm button It was not near the chair that I was sitting in I was extremely weak and in a lot of pain When doctor finally came in he said I hear you have a sore tummy I believe the only reason he came after 2 1/2 hours is because my husband was in waiting room and greeter person asked if she could help him That she noticed he had been waiting quite awhile He said my wife has been waiting over 2 hours to see a doctor The young girl immediately went to get information for my husband and I believe that's the only reason the doctor finally came to check on me The hospital was not busy at the time I entered and no one checked on me I knew it was my appendix After doctor came to see me, the procedure went quickly at that point once they realized I was quite sick I am thankful that there was a surgeon that night. Not sure what would've happened if she was not there Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
As this was our second trip in two months, the doctor was already aware of my daughters medical condition which made the visit a lot smoother. The doctor was very kind and compassionate and the nurses dealing with my XXXXXXX old were amazing.
At first I was scared, but the hospital staff helped me calm down. Overall it was a pleasant time, but happy I won't have to go back.
Attend the ER for a hockey injury. After a lengthy wait it was suggested that I leave because there would be a significantly long wait. I appreciated being told this but in the end it took 5 days to be diagnosed with a separated shoulder
Awesome doctors + nurses Hard working
Backs should be looked after when people are confined to bed and this wasn't done and I suffered for it
Be nice to see a hug once in awhile loving touch some patients look like they have been there a long time and not getting much hugs. I have friends that live there and they would appreciate a hug.
Because of this ER visit the dr arranged a Telehealth visit from the XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Bed - broken Patients - shouting at each other I was suppose to have peace + quiet, it was like very noisy and extremely uncomfortable in a broken bed. The nurse were run of their feet Medications I was used to having them at a certain time, in the hospital, I had to wait and keep asking for them I discharged myself it was so noisy The nurses were nice but very tired and spoken very rudely by some patients, shouted at a really couldn't get their reports done quietly Please help them The smell was terrible Garbage should be empty not once daily but more I was put in with seniors
Bedside manner of some drs should be addressed.
Besides the 5 hours it was alright
Busy XXXXXX visit, only 1 doctor running. All tests needed for diagnosis not performed on XXXXXX. Had to make a second trip back on a XXXXXX 9 hours for a visit for all trips is unnecessary.
Can't complain about the hospital care at all. They made it super easy and were great with me.
Care and staff was excellent!!! Treated everyone with kindness. Compliments to the nurses!!!!
Care was excellent and I was monitored steadily for vitals.
Chest pain - Dr XXXXXX excellent! Nurse was excellent XXX? Thank you
Daily IV treatments should not be done through emerg depart they are too busy - other options should be considered.
Decent care when I got in, but took a very long time to be seen by someone.
Deeply grateful They saved my life!!!
Did not have appendicitis - morphine don't feel anything doctor came does not look been drinking - did not listen wanted me out. CT scan need surgery now. Going to send me home could have died. made feel like I did not get one. When I got there very good fast nurses very good knew I was in pain. Gave me drugs sent me for xray. Doctor said you have to poop you have gas and you drank last night and you do not have appendicitis 95 percent sure you do not need surgery. I said I want a CT scan they give me the scan and she comes and says you need surgery now it is appendicitis. They called Ambulance had to go to XXXXXX to XXXXX. Lookout. Waiting for the ambulance for 45 minutes then get in the ambulance Doctor comes running out as she forgot to give me my antibiotics get back in the ambulance. The ambulance says only going half way and have to wait for the other ambulance. Not a good experience at now. Nurses were very good the doctor was at the point to send me home and she said if the pain continues come back. I had advocate for myself. Another experience with my daughter they said they were not leaving until she had an xray and when they finally did the xray and had pneumonia.
Did not seem entirely prepared for the situation with her son having a cleft pallet on surprise. Feels they should be more well versed in such thing
Disappointed w/ Dr XXXXXXXXX's attitude to my question regarding usage of antibiotic. Dr XXXX failed to get results of wound swab that caused me to experience longer period of ailment. Dr XXXXXX was professional and dedicated to healing my leg wound.
Do not remember most of the visit.
Doctor had poor bedside manner. Patient felt uncomfortable disclosing information.
Doctor needs to communicate with nursing staff better. Write down instructions they have told their patients so nursing staff knows.
Doctor needs to slow down speech! Week before was amazing this visit was not I left giving (unreadable) reviews week before
Dr XXXX was wonderful
Dr. XXXX went out of his way He was an excellent doctor.
Dr. XXXXX was very good. I guess I was a little bit upset that I was told I was going to be sent home and that I was quite scared I wasn't well enough to go home. That was probably upsetting. But it came down to I had a final call that I wanted to go home. Not that I was pushed out but I just felt like that shouldn't have been said.
Dr. XXXXXX is the best doctor in available in that emergency department.
Dr. XXXXXX is the best you have
Dr. XXXXXX was excellent. He went over and above explaining things. He is very patient. All around excellent bedside manor.
Dr. XXXXXX was on duty.
Due to extenuating circumstances and complications after surgery I was air lifted to XXXXXXXXX My brief stay, 1 day 1 night, at XXXX was excellent in all aspects and the care I received was excellent.
During Covid 19 the wait at the hospital has been good but when this Covid 19 is over, will the wait time be minimal?
During my labor and delivery there were many unexpected things that happened, including having a c-section. I am so thankful for the constant support, comfort and care I had from the doctors and nurses during my stay.
During my stay if was very busy for the hospital and the nurses were stretched thin. Even with that happening, the nurses were wonderful and completely met our needs.
Each time I have been in Emergency Care I have always received excellent care.
Emergency department was good, but a follow-up appt with family doctor is almost impossible. Was told if antibiotics did not work to see doctor. Had to wait till the following week to see nurse practitioner & to be determined
Emergency dept is terrible, waited 3 hrs to et 3 stitches in my foot from a hockey injury. UNACCEPTABLE!!
Emergency dept was excellent & Dr. XXXXXX was also excellent & knowledgeable
Even though I felt well cared for I would've liked to have seen a more frequent visits from the nursing/doctor staff. The fact I didn't was due to staff shortages - help get more funding for our health care!
Even though I had a long wait, it is understandable as there were other priorities (eg ambulance) I was appreciative that I was not the other priority. The doctor as well as nurses were excellent!
Everybody was good to me. The Care was awesome.
Everyone treated me well and the care I got was prompt and courteous
Everyone was absolutely wonderful I couldn't stop raving about it to my family and friends. Very courteous and good bed side manner
Everyone was courteous, compassionate and attentive to my health care Very much appreciated!
Everyone was good
Everyone was super respectful and I was treated well by everyone. The food was good too.
Everything was amazing! Your staff is great! Thank you!
Everything was done wonderfully. The nurses were wonderful and efficient. I was less than pleased with the Doctor. I was not impressed but everything else was fine and professionally done.
Everything was good
Everything was good and i was treated well. The doctors were very respectful.
Everything was good!
Everything was good.
Everything was great
Everything was great I have no complaints about anything. Everybody treats you respect.
Everything was great.
Everything was okay.
Everything was pretty good.
Everything went well. It was okay.
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent and very helpful
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care and great staff
Excellent care by all staff!
Excellent care from all in the maternity department. But hospital beds suck to sleep in.
Excellent care nurses were excelled no complaints.
Excellent care.
Excellent except for the first night when I had to spend 24/hrs in the day surgery unit.
Excellent service and care. I can't say enough good things about them.
Excellent staff & service
Excellent staff, excellent experience!
Excellent treatment.
Except for the long wait and the lack of water it was fine.
Extremely likely contracted both bacterial and viral infection on eyes cover 95% chance according to Dr. on follow-up visits to have cast put on)
Fantastic doctors and nurses made my child birth experience a positive and have recommended all staff & XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to our friends also expecting
Feel like you like they want you in and out and don't care about the diagnoses. They treat every one like they are drug seekers or hypochondriacs. All the Nurses were very rude.
Felt safe & cared for in the hands of the nurses! Thank you. XX
Follow up from CT, MRI, heart & ultrasound and heart monitor is very hard to get.
Food was fantastic. Very happy with how everything went. Nurses and doctors and kitchen staff was very good.
Food was good
Food was not very good. Otherwise my stay was great.
For the amount of time I waited and the treatment I was given I feel like it was a waste of time. This isn't the first time I went up for this problem, I'm given a shot that doesn't help for the pain and they send me on my way. Xrays are never given to help determine the root of the problem.
For the most part it was a good experience, but coming in for a surgery in the afternoon there was no real food available to me until morning. My (very valid, it turned out) concerns that my pain medication was not strong enough were not met, and my night nurse acted like I was an inconvenience sometimes She moved my call button to where I could not reach, and I had great difficulty getting out of bed myself. She also didn't move it back when I told her about it. I had to myself.
For three days I was in a room with two other patients. One was recovering from stab wounds and another had a contagious condition. I had no sleep for three days while waiting for heart surgery. The room is directly across from the nurses' station. The care was not the problem. The lack of being able to divide the room properly was the problem. The staff should get recognized for their work under those circumstances.
Found everyone to be friendly and professional. Really helped calm my fears about the hip replacement.
Found the staff really friendly and willing to help it was a good experience.
Get rid of the question about when was the last time they washed their hand that is a slap in their face.
Go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX twice or once a year
Good
Good and positive experience.
Good care
Good job
Good work. Keep it up!
Gouging people for parking is horrendous. It was offensive. I had to walk across the parking lot on a broken leg to try and find the kiosk and it didn't work so I had to fucking go back and forth on a broken leg because I was there by myself. Finally someone rolled down their window and said it wasn't working. There was no sign or nothing. I was there alone because of covid. It was ridiculous.
Great care All the staff were great.
Great experience! Couldn't have gone better! Great dr & nurses!
Great staff and caring! Look forward to my next surgery no problems at all! Happy we have a great surgical team! Wish family doctor care and apts were more available and bookable.
Had a badly infected thumb went to emergency twice, never seen a doctor more serious cases come in by ambulance went home soaked my finger
Had a great doctor this time Dr. XXXXXX
Had a major concussion and it didn't feel like I got much help or follow ups. Symptoms are still present haven't heard back from hospital.
Had another after that was longer.
Had excellent care. Right from the time I walked to the door until I left. Wonderful hospital.
Had to wait 5 hours to get care. When I went in I saw the doctor drinking coffee and speaking to the girls. The nurses were good. After 4 hours I was gonna 'limp' out.
Happy to be able to go to a very good clean hospital and good staff, thanks.
Happy with my care satisfied with what happened and the care I received.
Have a catheter in if plugged need it fixed as in a lot of pain - waiting to long is very painful.
Hospital food could be improved.
Hospital should carry little toothpaste soap or something for the hospital stay after admitted through ER.
Hospital was exceptionally clean & staff well organized & professional. One negative would be the performance of the "walker" supplier only - OT staff was very good.
I always had a good experience there.
I always had excellent care over the years. They are always friendly and prompt.
I am all for feedback for the emergency system.
I am completely satisfied and nurses and doctors are excellent.
I am female and was grouped in a room with another female and a male. Females and males should not share a bathroom. My only complaint
I am grateful for emergency care.
I am impressed by the condition of hospital cleaning staff. Building is cleaner than other hospitals I have been to.
I am non smoker but they asked me if I wanted another patch I don't smoke never smoke. I was sick for 8 hours after surgery so I wonder if they gave me a patch but I did have a spinal for my surgery. My discharge was a royal mess. The Doctor told me I could go I phone my husband discharge was at 11. Could not get the doctor to sign off I live 4 hours from there long drive home we did not live until 3 pm. At the beginning the nurses were great but the last day my pain was not controlled and the discharge being a mess. Did not get the paper for my Do's and Don't's. I had knee replacement and did not get that information so had to get it from my sister in law. Just got part of the information.
I am not happy with one doctor and my daughter as well. He said some thing that I was not agreed with it. About birth control.
I am very pleased with emergency room staff efficiency and health care they provide to their patients they go beyond what I've seen in other places
I am well satisfied.
I appreciate the kid central in the lobby. There's some stuff for kids to do while waiting.
I attended twice at emerg before 9:00 AM could be why the wait to see a dr was less than 1 hr - Both times the nurses & doctors were great, polite, calming & attentive
I believe they were busy that day but it seemed odd to me that I was fortunate enough to have x-rays taken within two hours of arrival but in the three hours that ensued after that they offered no ice for swelling. To be fair I never requested any either because I did not know what I had done to my knee
I compliment Dr. XXXX and the resident Doctor XXXXX They were fabulous. They were very attentive and provided the best care possible.
I definitely thing that there mental health should be increased. I definitely should not have been released from the hospital that morning.
I did not see a doctor. Walked out after waiting 9 hours
I did throw up & they said probably because of the medication.
I didn't have a chance to say thank you to all of the nurses and staff who helped me.
I do not like XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX at all, I hate hospital & bill too. I was there on XXXXXXX to XXXXXX sent me e-mail on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX PS get back to me fast.
I don't know who the woman who came in while I was giving birth. I think she was management. She did nothing. She came in and her cellphone just kept going off. The doctor was focused in what they were doing and a nurse was attending to me. This other woman was just staring at my whooooha. I don't know what the hospital's policy about needing more than one nurse in the birthing room. It was very uncomfortable but everything else was great.
I don't like the word
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed the stay at the hospital and I would say that to everyone. The staff is all competent.
I feel like I did get the right check up and I didn't feel equal as everyone else they said "I just need to take Advil" and the doctor was to busy to see me
I feel the food lids leave a bad odor on the food.
I feel uncomfortable because it was my first time having a surgery. The hospital was busy and I didn't feel like the nurses understood my situation. They made me feel like it wasn't important for me to stay the night. The doctors said I should stay the night and I was glad that I did because I was in a lot of pain (muscle pain). One told me she will be back because there was another patient in more pain. The nurses made me feel like my pain wasn?t strong enough to stay there in the evening. Skipped Question- 45 & 47
I felt comfortable there and felt looked after.
I felt I was treated very well. I was in the hospital during XXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXX and I felt as though it was a very good experience. The doctors and staff were good the meals were good and I even had good roommates everything was fine.
I felt very safe and well cared for. Very pleased with my care.
I felt very technical I was fine there and got transferred to a room and saw the doctor and the nurses every day.
I felt well taken care of Emergency staff were very responsive Nursing staff was kind and compassionate and my own physician was excellent.
I find it very efficient. I felt better after.
I find that (XXXXXXXXX) emerg needs to have an extra emerg doctor to be on call when emerg room/lobby is full! Wait time is to long for care for those who R at risk. Ex heart/blunt force trauma.
I FIND THAT THE ADMITTING WINDOW AND TRIAGE AREAS LACK CONFIDENTIALITY. BOTH AREAS ARE OPEN TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC WAITING ROOM AND EAST UNIT DESK. THE GENERAL PUBLIC CAN HEAR THE REASON WHY YOU ARE THERE AND THE TRIAGE AREA HAS LARGE WINDOWS WITH NO PRIVACY. I HAVE HAD SOMEONE, THAT WAS AT THE EAST UNIT DESK, COME UP TO ME AFTER FILLING OUT MY FORM AT THE ADMITTING WINDOW ASKING ME ABOUT MY CONDITION. THIS COULD BE A BIG PROBLEM FOR SOME PEOPLE.
I found Dr. XXXXXX to be very professional, caring and compassionate. He took the time to listen to me and answered all my concerns. The nurse was very good too
I found everything and everyone to be very helpful and caring with the exception of the food It was not something I could tolerate.
I found medicare and nursing staff was good and kind. Discharge process was a mess. The Physio staff seemed uncaring and did not explain what needed to be done for my progress. Little bit of sloppiness they filled out the parking pass but did not stamp it so it was no good to me. First they said getting out tomorrow then said getting out today but the ducks were not in order. Physio did not get into a process so i was behind in my physio when I got home. Surgery went well and I like it and I would recommend it but I would give a list of things to look out for.
I found out after that there was a lack of communication for the family to get communication or be able to communicate with me. My family spoke to nurses but the nurses never contracted me.
I found that it was a little long waiting for the doctor being in pain I felt it was a little lengthy.
I found the doctors and all other medical staff very efficient, compassionate and caring. I felt I was in good hands.
I found the doctors were so awesome.
I found the people were great.
I found the treatment and attention was very proper and helpful but the emergency bed was too small.
I give them a five star rating because they were super. The doctors nurses the cooking staff and the cleaners were all great.
I go at least every 2 months for a phlebotomy. I have polycythemia and have to have blood off as is thick Would be nice if could use bag but my veins are not good Take off in vials Was seeing my dr in XXXXXXXXXXX and she had me go to XXXXXXXXXX care and bag have it taken off. Nurse used bag etc and I was in and out within 20 min. I poke but told that equipment is not available here. I have picture of equipment they used but still taking it off in vials (unreadable) and many pokes But thankful to get it off.
I go to the emergency every two weeks because I have to get blood transfusions of 2 units and I have been doing that for 1 year without any results from a doctor or nurse or nobody as to why I'm going? I don't even get to see my doctor I don't even get to see my doctor I just go every two weeks get two units of blood and not even do they tell me as to why I'm getting two units of blood every two weeks which I'm going to the emergency department in two days and it's because it goes down so low and they don't have an answer it's been going on for one year since XXXXXXX I don't get to see a doctor or nobody and with COVID it's difficult
I got absolutely no help to help me breath They usually give me oxygen that's why I had gone in an ambulance because I was finding it hard to breath
I got great care that day but i think it had to do with the time of day it was I also knew my nurse and being a white person and having these privileges could have aided in the great care I received.
I got looked after good.
I got no complaints.
I had a great experience with my surgery. The staff was amazing.
I had a left hip anterior replacement and was a patient in the day care department
I had a very good experience and they even called and ask if I was OK.
I had a very good stay.
I had a very positive experience @ the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Staff was very respectful, helpful and always prompt if I needed help
I had an amazing hospital experience at the XXXX when I experienced a heart attack Nurses were all excellent and helpful. Wonderful staff and experience!!
I had an awful time trying to get rid of my nausea since I was in XXXXXXX but I got to their hospital and they fixed me right up.
I had good care.
I had great care while I was there. The nurses were extremely helpful. Doctors explained what they were going to do so I was not nervous. When I left I knew what to do if I had any concerns and they made a follow up appointment for me. I would do it again.
I had great care!
I had informed them I just had fistula surgery on my anus but they still left me sitting on an open surgery site for 8 1/2 hrs. I couldn't stand, I was there because my diabetic foot and ankle disease was very painful and swollen
I had no complaints. They did a very good job.
I had private rm coverage but was in a room with 3 other patients One patient had his wife visiting but she didn't wear a mask as required by Covid 19.
i had semi private medical with regard to the room I understand and it was explained to me about situations arising from lack of available space and was satisfied to that point. There were a total of four people in our area. Two of which turned there lights off and on most of the night and frequently visited the mens room They also conversed half the night and slept most of the day. They clearly did not belong in a room with surgical patients. Having said that I do understand the difficulties involved. Overall, the staff and everyone was excellent right up and down the line. Thank You
I had severe pain it was horrendous it was my sciatica. I felt somebody that was sicker then me should be there and I was taking their spot. I could not move so I had to take the Ambulance. They were more than over caring. The doctor was sympathetic and understanding he knew how great my pain was. He reassured me that it was ok that I took the ambulance and I was not wasting the doctors and nurses time. They went above and beyond they treated me like gold.
I had shortness of breath and my blood was low so I went to emerge as I could not get my normal transition. The doctor rude and told me that emerge was only for emergencies
I had the best care available. Drs, nurses and hospital staff were very supportive, and treated me with respect
I had the best health care I could have possibly had they were awesome awesome !
I had to get bloodwork and EKG on a XXXXXXXXX morning and surgery was on XXXXXX and they had not received anything. I had to repeat it so I could get into surgery - so that was a mess up but they smoothed it over to keep things on time. There were 4 of us in there from out of town - they made things get moving so that we could get out of there before dark as long as you met all the physio requirements.
I had very good care from all nurses and doctors +
I had very good care in emergency
I have a concern. I have seen a lot of ppl in this hospital and the one thing I think that this hospital needs to do is replace all the TVs in the rooms with the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX raising over a million dollars through the 50/50, which we buy , it's terrible to know that the long term patients in there have to deal with TVs that are outdated poor quality minimal choices, no remotes which I can understand trying to keep tabs on them but have this available for them to have some sense of home, something that is personal and have the chance to see the news. A good show they can smile and take stress if. The fact that this is their home till the end. Some of these patients don't get visitors. Give the, something to enjoy. Less roaming and having a sense of that's there bed, and tv it's sad how these are, bad shape. Half cables hanging out of wall, no remotes so you have to change by hand which most you can't change the channel.
I have a regular bi-monthly appt for a (unreadable) infusion. These are scheduled but always start at least 1 hr after scheduled time. Watching what is going on, I always get the feeling there are not enough nurses on shift!
I have always been treated good in any visit I have had. If there is a delay the explain to me why
I have always had a good reception when I went to the ER.
I have always received good care at the emergency dept However, sometimes it is hard to wait when you are ill + in pain. I understand that other people are sometimes in crisis and need to be seen first XXXXXXXXXXXXXX services a a very large area so sometimes wait times are quite long The longest I have waited is 6 hrs
I have been in hospital several times This was one of the best care I have had Great attitude of staff They worked like a well oiled machine.
I have been in the hospital several times but they are always very good.
I have been in various hospitals in the area many times and my stays at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were by far the most professional.
I have been to the ED several times with nose bleed One nurse once said to me I was not holding the Kleenex right but I was just not when she was looking and that same nurse was trying to take my blood this time and she had to poke around and I flinched and she said when you come to the ED you can expect to be hurt. I thought it was a place to get fix The ones in the lab can take my blood without poking around.
I have encountered a nurse in emergency on at least 3 occasions who is extremely abrupt and rude. She never shows any concern or compassion. I was left on a commode with no way to clean up and no call bell within reach. She insisted on leaving me in a dark room with the door closed and never explained what to expect or when I might see a doctor I will add that I was begging for help because I had excruciating pain. She ignored me I later learned that I had a ruptured splenic artery Fortunately, another excellent nurse was eventually assigned to my care and I was treated with concern and compassion from then on!
I have had surgeries in approximately 7 hospitals across Canada I rate XXXXXX a solid 10 above all the rest. I will request XXXXXX for any next hip replacement. Staff was incredible! Thank you!
I have heard about very long waiting times at this hospital.
I have melanoma + have to go to emergency when I have a fever - this time I was admitted to hospital for 12 days.
I have no comment
I have no comment
I have no complaints about our hospital every time I go in there they are excellent.
I have no complaints. I was well taken care of.
I have visited other ER's in communities I have lived This is the best run with kind compassionate staff. It is efficient and wait times are minimal
I heard the night shift - I don't believe what XXXX is doing to the nurses - if he isn't giving them a holiday then he shouldn't take any holidays. They haven't in 2 years. We are going to lose more people if they don't smarten up. Everything else was pretty good they've had a hard road and I don't think we should pressure them anymore.
I highly commend they do a fine job over there I only wish the doctors were available that I could see them in clinic I was not able to see my own doctor.
I just had a run in with a nurse there. She was having a tough time. I understand. I usually treat nurses very good but this one just blew up.
I know we are in a small town but if we had 2 doctors on call it would make it more easier than to have to wait. The healthcare is great and all I feel it would be beneficial.
I like the food.
I like to say the nurse went over & above thank you. And special note for nurse who came on air ambulance with me - she was so proficient, kind, caring - her nursing skills were amazing and to be recommended.
I live in XXXXXXXXXXXX. I was in XXXXXXX on vacation. This allergic reaction was a first for me. We spoke with the XXX nurse en route to the hospital, we were 60 km away. Since the hospital had advance warning I didn't think I would have to wait so long to see the doctor. Well over an hour! Also where the nurse injected the Benadryl on my arm was perhaps the wrong spot. My arm was sore for a month! Not impressed!
I love my hospital
I need help as I have a condition of my hands not working due to nerve damage. My wife is a trained NA and we had a letter from my doctor, that was suggested by one of the hospital doctors. To say she was my companion for physical reasons. However the coordinator chose to ignore this and my companion was not allowed to be with me which made daily living chores difficult for me.
I never saw a doctor I only ever saw the resident.
I really didn't want to go because of covid but everything was super clean and everybody was distanced. It was definitely one of my better visits to the emergency rooms. They seemed prepared for everything. It was really good as good as going to the hospital can be.
I really enjoyed my emergency room visit. They helped me right away.
I really liked it.
I received excellent care from the staff working that day
I received excellent care. Everyone was courteous.
I received my first shot for a bladder infection + was monitored for any allergic reaction. Home care gave remaining shots -
I signed in was treated very quickly, had a great nurse and she talk to me. The doctor was amazing everyone was pleasant and checking in on me. Made me feel comfortable. They gave me the reassurance that I did the right thing. Made me feel good to get there.
I spoke with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and was very impressed with her awesome helping attitude. Your hematology lab staff XXXXX and other techs there were very helpful as well during my visit to the XXXX.
I think I got very good service.
I think I had good care. It was very short. But I got what I required and it was done. No complaints.
I think I had really good stay I was looked after.
I think it was wonderful the care was excellent the nurses were excellent they were short staffed and still attentive to me and others around me
I think overall it was an excellent stay. It was really really good that I was given the option because at the other hospital it would have taken over 5 years to get off the waiting list for the surgery.
I think overall it was good. Just the wait time was a little lengthy.
I think reason I got in and out it was a XXXXXX evening around 9 pm. The only one there that is what made this time around very fast. My first visit I waited a long time. I need a px and I do not have a doctor. I understand if people go ahead of me. If there was another way to fast pace the non emergency . I have no negative criticism just wondering if there was a way to improved the process. I was treated with respect for both visits. The staff was wonderful.
I think the ER need more doctors because there are people waiting for a long time. And because those doctors put in a lot of time to its time to hire more doctors.
I think they did a pretty good job.
I think they do things very well they mange.
I think this is the cleanest hospital The staff including medical are all friendly and helpful I have told many people if I need medical care this is the hospital I want to go to even if I don't live in XXXXXX.
I think we have a great ER here in XXXXXX A big thank you to all in the hospital from cleaners to nurses, doctor and adm. Also to the ladies who are the front line worker taking your info Thanks. Thanks Thanks.
I thought it was a very good experience. I was impressed.
I thought it was excellent experience received excellent care very well validated and listen to. The nurses did an awesome job throughout the labor and delivery seemed very knowledgeable. They made it very tolerable with the pain. Very impressed with the quality of care. The Doctor care was exceptional as well.
I thought it was very good. I was pleased. I tried to get to my doctor or any doctor. I thought it was excellent I got in and out in 30 minutes. I think they do a good job and I appreciate them.
I thought the hospital was just fantastic and I wish other hospitals could learn from it.
I thought they were excellent from the start to finish. Very professional and polite every one was phenomenal.
I took care of my dad for the past 8 years going in and out of the hospital many times one think I can say is the hospital clinics and pharmacy should all be housed under the same sort of district to better organize where medication goes in a more orderly fashion and in sync with each other so they all know what's going on with the patients coming in the hospital.
I truly don't understand why I had to wait over 2 hours to have Dr. XXXX give me less than 5 minutes of his time. Then I had to wait 7 days to get an x-ray. I was in EXTREME pain with a back injury and I was advised to go to EMERG by my NP because of the urgency of getting an x- ray and immediate care. Which was NOT given! Pathetic! Waiting 7 days for an x- ray and now I am waiting for over 2 weeks just to get the spinal clinic to call me and to setup an MRI.
I very pleased with all the care and they made me feel very assured that everything was going to be okay.
I waited 3+ hrs in the examination room without being seen. Even as I watched the doc walk past twice. I'm a cancer survivor with a new bump on my leg where a biopsy was taken at least he could have looked at it.
I waited almost 7 hours and did not see a doctor in fact I never moved out of the lobby. The triage was quick and the nurse was fantastic. That one nurse at the triage was great. I did ask a few times to ask about what was happening while waiting and all they said were
I waited more than 10 hrs nobody bother about me I was in so much pain they admitted me over night. I don't know why it happened on that visit because earlier it was nothing like that all of the staff took great care about me.
I wanted to thank the doctors and nurses for taking care of me. They were there to help me. They are angels to me. My prayers are with all the hospitals to give everyone help like they do me.
I was able to get to the drugstore before it closed to fill my prescription.
I was admitted into hospital at 5:30pm that afternoon.
I was escorted there by a mental help professional? and I was treated well.
I was flown to XXXX from XXXXX where I had been treated I was not expecting to see a Doctor during my stay at XXXX
I was getting papers all the time to fill in these surveys and they really don't apply like so many of these questions but it's a visit I have to make every month for a treatment. I'm so very happy with the Emergency department out here. the nurses are excellent I just wish they had more time to deal with the patients but they're basically running from the covid station in their gowns and having to run to you without your gown and probably a need for more caregivers in the emergency section
I was given some confusing information. I was told to have some tests done and told it back to the XXXXXXXXX but the only reason to take it to the hospital would be XXXXXXXXX was closed or it was the weekend at which point I would take it to the hospital. When I took it to XXXXXXXXX they accepted it? however when I was leaving they came running and told me they couldn't take it and handed it back to me. Any confidentiality was lost as they sang out my name in front of everybody that was sitting there and told me to go to the hospital with it. When I went to the hospital they told me they didn't take and I would have to go back to XXXXXXXXX. XXXXXXXXX was now closed but they agreed to take it but told me it shouldn't happen again like it was my fault. My point is that I tried to be very discreet with the type of test being done and patient confidentiality was completely lost and I was concerned about whether it was being handled by the correct people. I just have to say when you wait to see a doctor as long as you have to wait these days and the doctor has a time frame to deal with your issues and tells you he can only deal with a couple of issues and you will have to come back to deal with the other's. I don't like to go to the doctor all the time as the time should be taken to deal with everything in one visit.
I was happy with my stay.
I was impressed I didn't have to do any waiting and they took me in right away and they really cared about what was going on. I didn't have any issues whatsoever.
I was impressed with the dedication of everyone.
I was in and out in less than 2 hours had an xray and cast put on.
I was in there for 23 days & it was wonderful. The nurses/doctors dietary staff cleaning staff were all friendly & professional!
I was just bored. Couldn't' go walking I was stuck in the room but it was a good stay
I was kept in a recovery bed for both nights of my stay since there were no ward beds available.
I was nervous and apprehensive about going to XXXXXX from XXXXXXXXXXX for my knee replacement but the staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were so helpful and kind that it was a good experience They were super!
I was not happy with this visit. The doctor said they couldn't do anything and no lab test and there was no any result of this visit. The lab was closed. They just sent me home.
I was on Opera. I wrote a book the nurse was so nice to me. Made me feel better
I was only admitted to XXXX for 3.5 hours (~0730-1100h), then Medivac'd to XXXXXX.
I was only in hospital for day surgery so not sure responses are all relevant Also, I was in Emergency to register because admitting department was not open yet.
I was put in the dementia part of the hospital for breast augmentation, given morphine, no advice from staff, the nurse took 3 hours to take out drainage tubes - XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was quite impressed.
I was seen by somebody there at the emergency department and then they went to visit another patient and my sister came with me. She said when do you get to see the doctor and I said I don't know and a lady popped out behind the curtain and said I am the doctor. She was dressed in blue jeans a sweatshirt and she didn?t introduce herself. I had no idea if she was the doctor or janitorial staff. She wasn't professional looking at all.
I was so lucky to have my knee replacement done 2-3 months earlier by going to XXXXXX instead of XXXXXXX
I was so pissed off after sitting there for 3 hours and not seeing a doctor I got up and left. The nurses did not even come and check on me. I asked many times when I was going to see the doctor and they kept telling me your next. I was in so much pain when I left. The next time I will drive to XXXXXXXXXXXXX to the hospital I think
I was stabbed 32 times they did the best they could for me before sending me to XXXXXXXXXXX when I got back they where good to me I'm still alive
I was starved as food was very scarce. Very disappointed with food options/no options and very little quantity.
I was surprised at how fast I was attended to and so efficiently. Thank you.
I was the second person up there when i arrived I was hooked up to IV and after couple of hours and I wasn't seen until 3 hours. I saw the Doctor walking up and down the hallway and saw the Dr and told him that If no one saw me I was going to the Directors office and complain because of not wanting to wait for 14 hours like the last time. I've done surveys and made complaints before but nothing has changed. The wait times need to be looked at and something has to be done about it.
I was there for 7-8 days and my bed sheets were never changed although my room was cleaned everyday.
I was there for a total hip replacement. XXXXXX was new to me The care I received was excellent from the time I arrived at the ER to check in - right thru to discharge
I was treated in the emergency I did not stay at the hosp. but went home I chose no to be admitted. When speaking to the nurse and doctor I said if I felt any worse I would go back but I just wanted to be able to rest at home.
I was treated really well
I was treated very very nicely in there and say thank you to all the doctors and nurses that took care of me it was superb.
I was treated well no problems.
I was treated well. It was as pleasant as a hospital stay could be.
I was treated with respect + was given good care. Nurses + doctor have a great sense of humour + very professional
I was treated with respect and more than professional. Grateful.
I was treated with respect. Everything they said they were going to do they did and they got me out and on my way and it was great.
I was very grateful for the fact they were there when I needed help.
I was very happy and satisfied. They were very polite and I was very surprise and happy.
I was very happy with it. They were very quick.
I was very happy with my care there
I was very happy. No complaints.
I was very impressed this time. Usually it is very backlogged. In my opinion the staff are really good. They just don't have enough staff.
I was very informed and impressed and staff were excellent I was calmed down when I was nervous I was treated very well.
I was very lucky I was treated very good. Several of the nurses knew me personally as there XXXXXXXXXX so i got treated very well.
I was very much impressed.
I was very pleased and nurse was very polite and I was very happy with my visit They knew me by name which surprised me.
I was very pleased with all the service and attention I got.
I was very pleased with my Emergency Dept visit Everyone was very kind and considerate
I was very satisfied with all personal. As well as the food. The food was tailored to my needs. I was one hospital to the other. Everything was coordinated well.
I was very thankful.
I was very well treated.
I was well taken care of during my stay. The staff were very nice and courteous. I was impressed with this hospital.
I was wonderfully.
I went in for a tick bite, the intern doctor should take Lyme disease more seriously
I went in with a wrist injury, I was sent for an x-ray and told it was sprained not broken. I was told to continue to take Advil or Tylenol for pain but that I could continue as usual. When the pain got progressively worse I went to see my family doctor. Turns out I have a DRUJ injury and am currently in a mid bicep to finger cast to try to repair the damage. The doctor disregarded my saying that I couldn't rotate my wrist because I could make a knocking motion with no pain at all. At times he made me feel like I was wasting his time.
I went the night before so I went XXXXXXXXXXXXX and I waited between 5- 6 hours and wasn't seen by anyone. I knew what the problem was it was my pancreas. I was in severe pain. I asked the er nurse how long it was going to take and she said quite a while. I left the hospital that night without seeing anyone. There were people coming in after me and getting seen before me. The next morning they took me in and seen that it was my pancreas. It could've gotten a lot worse overnight because the didn't see me.
I went there (the emergency dept) for an appointed ABG blood test. I was told I would have the results in about 15 mins. which is what I wanted. Then was told that I should go home (before I got the results) because the doctor had left already. 3 weeks later I still haven't been told the results I have phoned 3x to get a copy of the results. Still waiting!
I went to emerg to get my regular entyvio infusion All went well
I wish I didn't have to go there
I wish I had some phone appointments with the anesthesiologist or other doctors. When I got tot the OR they were going to put me out in a way that I told them it couldn't be done. They had to change course in the middle of everything because they didn't listen to me .
I wish they would treat you better and not like just a number.
I would absolutely recommend anyone to have their hip surgery done at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Everything was well organized yet personable. Thank you!
I would have preferred a follow up from the surgeon at the hospital and it did not happen. I was supposed to be awake for the procedure but was given more anesthetic than I was told and do not remember a thing and I did not know who to speak to about that.
I would like the ambulance people to get high credit. They were wonderful.
I would like to see better communication between two hospitals there was a breakdown here one hospital has no idea what the other hospital did no one came to tell me I can go or anything nobody was there when I was discharged. There was one important pill I should take and nobody told me about it.
I would like to thank Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX for her excellent care
I would like to thank everyone involved in my experience and the ones looking after others again!! They are, special people XXXXXXXXXXXX
I would not have come to the emergency if I could get an appointment. But your appointment set up there doesn't work I have phoned time and time again and cant get through and when I do get through the girl wont give me an appointment she tells me I have to call back another time. This is the most ridiculous system you talking to the person to give you the appointment but she wont give you one. What is she there for.
I would recommend it to anybody the doctors and nurses were awesome.
I would say I was looked after as best as you could be looked after under the circumstances.
I would suggest that when they get over busy they could use two doctor's instead of one. This would help with people having to sit there for a long time.
I yeah I guess just I was discharged after being told I wasn't ready to go the nurses were good with it they said they had room for me to stay if I wanted to for another night but it was the surgeons assistant who told me IK would have to go and I went home alone not able to drive so that's why I wasn't comfortable and had a lot of anxiety about that.
If doctors were more available at clinics I would not have to go to the emergency. I'm quite certain that the majority of the patients that were there that day were there because they couldn't see their doctor. I don't think it's the hospital's fault. It is what it is. I'm not the only one who has experienced bad luck when talking to a doctor.
If I had to go back it wouldn't bother me one bit the care was good the food was good it was clean and pleasant and the nurses were excellent.
If I would have known I was having surgery a lady was coughing not covering her mouth in the waiting room of the ED. They gave her a mask but they never made her wear it. Everything else went well.
If someone could have explained a little more about what to expect for the recovery period. It seemed vague or confusing on what I should be doing to properly recover. Aside from this the care and staff were amazing.
IM REALLY CONCERNED FOR MY HEALTH I HAVE NEVER BEEN ABLE TO FUNCTION I AM SOMEONE WHO WANT TO LEARN A DEGREE AND I AM CONCERNED THAT I DO NOT HAVE LONG TO LIVE IF I DON'T GET THE HELP I NEED
I'm still waiting for my test.
I'm still waiting on getting ultrasound testing for 20 days now. And for the waiting room the hospital should have a shows or cartoons available for waiting patients and kids as well.
In the bed next to me the police brought in a man "high" or on some kind of drugs. The nurse asked him if it was all right if they handcuffed him to his bed so they could take blood from him. Of course he said "no" to the handcuffs He started running around the bed and would not settle down. It ended up in a police chase down the hall and they had to tackle him down. My question is "why was he asked for permission. "Why was he not immediately handcuffed "Or not put in a private room
In the ER they brought someone in to the bed next to me they put the white long paper on the floor and it was still attach to the roller all the way to the door 4 or 5 feet long. Emergency guys walked on it and brought in another patient on it and left on it. 2 nurses came in to do something and they walked on it. The 4th nurse walked in and tripped and then I said you better move that and she picked it up with just her hand. Did not see any one of those sanitize there hands. The cleaning staff just sweep around the sheet and left all kinds of paper and stuff under my bed. That is how staff infections get started. I know staff infections can happen at any time but the cleaning staff should be better and watch for that as well as everybody. I had a friend who died of a staff infection. Doctors were great nurses were great had a good experience this time. Since the doctors don't take anymore patients every one is sent to the ED and there is not enough people or resources.
In the recovery room it was way too hot. It was way too hot when you come out of anesthesia. I wanted a bit of fresh air but with the temperature and the sun beating on meal it was too hot.
In the survey for the time I left the hospital on XXXXXXXXXXX I do not recall that time of my stay.
In this case the physician seemed unusually abrupt or thought I should have just gone to the clinic rather than going to the hospital.
In XXXX I was in emerg - Dr XXXXXXXXXX staff were very attentive in my care also - Dr XXXXX + staff - the best in XXX
It could've been done a lot quicker for the amount of pain I was in.
It exceeded all expectations. Small hospital was better than a bigger hospital.
It has to improve waiting 7 hours. What is an emergency? People in their XX's and waiting so long. Something has to be done.
It really bother me that the Doctor didn't come to see me at all in the time he sent in his resident and the nurse that took me into the room was the one that gave me my prescription at the end. The nurse was very nice and that made me feel a little bit good but still bad for not seeing the Doctor. And beside that visit there has been a couple times where I have just walked because of the way I was treated.
It sucked. It was way too long. 6.5 hours it was too brutal.
It took so long we decided to leave so I could feed my daughter as the cafeteria was closed and she is a type 1 diabetic We took care of her injury @ home and kept careful watch It is healing well with essential oils!
It was a good experience and im very happy with the care I was given.
It was a good experience.
It was a good outcome Thanks
It was a good stay in hospital - They looked after me well in Emergency. Dr XXXXXX? was wonderful Nurses great too You have to be a good patient to get great care.
It was a good stay.
It was a good visit but it was screwed as I was working at XXXXXX.
It was a great experience and I met a lot of great people.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience. It was wonderful.
It was a really good experience. Everyone was really happy.
It was a surgical procedure first time I spent a night in the hospital and I was very pleased with the results.
It was a very good stay I had no problems. XX
It was a very positive experience
it was a very positive experience.
It was a wonderful experience.
It was all good
It was all good.
It was all good.
It was amazing The staff and doctors were fantastic. All my friends are very jealous They want to come to this hospital The care and the nurses were exceptional. By far the best hospital. Nursing staff and doctors were fantastic. They put me at complete ease Cannot say enough positive things about them. I want them to know this. I think it is very important.
It was an excellent visit for me. I went in and they took care me right away.
It was as pleasant as it could be. Very appreciate.
It was awfully noisy in the inside and the ICU was full of many people. But otherwise everyone was very professional.
It was busy. The nurses were great. I saw a resident I didn't see the actual physician. He was good but seemed unclear about follow up. And I asked him regarding my heart monitor on how I would receive it he said I would get it in the email and I haven't got it yet. I was in the treatment room with people it was busy there. I had heart palpitations and hypertension so I was pretty nervous when I was there. Overall I don't have any complaints that's for sure. I was happy with the service I received
It was excellent
It was excellent
It was excellent care.
It was excellent Doctor and nurses were nice. It was clean nothing needs improved everything was great.
It was excellent experience. The staff were very helpful and accommodating and went above and beyond.
It was excellent from the time I went in to the time I left I was impressed with how they kept me informed followed up on everything they needed to follow up they answered all my questions were answered when I asked
It was excellent that is all I can say. Everything was good and the nurses and doctors Meals were good.
It was excellent.
It was excellent.
It was excellent.
It was excellent.
It was excellent.
It was excellent.
It was fine but it felt like I was being rushed out. It was a minor issue that I had but regardless. I understand that they are busy and that it is an emergency department but I still had more questions before I was let go.
It was fine service is very good I like the hospital.
It was fine. I had a long wait time but I understood I was not high priority.
It was fine. So glad the young doctor he was so nice looked like he could be one of my kids. He said to come back if I needed.
It was good all around.
It was good and I relaxed so I was comfortable when I was there and had good care.
It was good every body was really great and I have no complaints.
It was good great care.
It was good thanks.
It was good.
It was good.
It was good. The fastest one I ever had.
It was good. Within a week I had the appointment for the CT-Scan. Very impressed with how fast they got me the appointment for the CT-Scan.
It was great experience.
It was great.
It was great.
It was great. I was taken care of right away. They're still looking after me. It's all good.
It was great. They found the problem and fixed it. I had a problem for years and my family doctor and the previous emergency visit could not find it.
It was not busy due to Covid-19
It was okay I just figured it took a little longer because of the covid stuff. I assume they were just using one room and cleaning it in between.
It was overall a good experience and one I am going to have to go through again.
It was perfect. Good staff and cleanliness.
It was pretty good actually.
It was quick expedite and professional.
It was really good
It was really good and I appreciated everything and I was really thankful and they took care of me very well and I was happy overall
It was really good. I was in and out. I even had a CT scan so it was pretty cool.
It was ridiculous that I had to wait 8 hours. There were only 4 people in front of me. I didn't necessarily think this was an emergency but I couldn't get into my doctors office. People came in and left because the wait was too long. A lot of people are going to the next community because it is faster.
It was the best visit I had.
It was the fastest one I ever had. It was schedule they knew I was coming.
It was too long I don't think there was enough checking up on the patients A lot walked out. I don't blame them. One man waited for 10 hours and thought he had a blood clot. It would be helpful if when sitting out there for 3 hours if they would assure them Don't lie Don't say soon. Stress of unknown is worst then the stress of the known. Most appreciate it. I could see they were doing their best I have had bad experiences with XXXXXX but this one was good visit. Also girls should know when taking blood pressure they should not talk to the patient and do it correctly.
It was very good a nice facility
It was very good and they made me feel very comfortable and were very kind
IT WAS VERY NICE experience There was very easy to understand all things.
It was very positive food was good treated very well.
It was well done. They took care of me They did a lot of tests. I will give them a 9 easy. My heart rate elevated a little bit and they wanted to know why. But if I was really sick or in in pain my answers could be different The doctor said we could do tests Even sent me for an angiogram in XXXXXXXXXXX They found a little blockage but not serious enough for a stint. I am very happy and everything was good. Glad they found that. The experience of the plane and the needles were not the greatest but it was ok. Everyone was really really good. I am very happy and quite content with the way I was treated. But if I was in pain or more serious answers might have been different.
It was wonderful The nurses were very caring and I had a great doctor
It went good.
It would be great if they could make it quicker to get patients in and out. I was worried about other patients getting my pneumonia. They got excellent doctors there.
It's always a good place to go when I need to go.
It's great that the services are available and I don't take it for granted.
It's very hard to control people around you. I always press the call button for other patients because their buttons were not in their reach.
I've already been treated with respect there.
I've always been happy with the care at this hospital.
I've always had good service and lived around all my life and my whole family has always gone and there are no complaints at all.
Just a long wait.
Just a note my first hip replacement in XXXXXXXX I found food great - they gave me choices. Then second hip replacement just put tray down & left no "choices" That might have something to do with i was put in maternity room as no available rooms for XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX It also could be that I was discharged on XXXX too. XX
Just mostly the overall wait time in the merge seems to be extremely long even if the waiting area is empty.
Just so far away I had to drive 4 hours to get home.
Just that I think the doctor I had has problems relating to patients. He is smart but he doesn't communicate well. He is rough clumsy. He hits the points for Asperger syndrome from online.
Just that they are excellent overall
Just the food wasn't that great. Food needs improvement.
Just to say that I went in with a problem I knew the problem I had. It could have been dealt with within 5 minutes. They were not busy. Other than that the doctor seemed to disappear. I could hear the nurses talking (visiting) so they weren't busy. I could have used a glass of water. To lay there as long as I did in excruciating pay was not acceptable. How did the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX get this good rating - it absolutely floors me.
Just waiting for follow and don't know what is going on. However the XXXXXX before that I was there 13 without seeing a Doctor lots of people that waited from 7am to 7 pm without seeing a Doctor. Something happen that day saw the triage nurse but no physician. I know the nurses and doctors are busy and the town has grown. I am sure we have a better hospital than a lot of small towns.
Just want to clarify I was scheduled for an induction and in our small hospital we have to get admitted through the emergency department. I wasn't sure the complete process of induction, hence a more limited understanding. But it was extremely well taken care of and validated for what I wanted regarding my care.
Keep good work
Kinda took forever.
Kudos to the nursing staff at the hospital I watched them for the 4 days I was in there they were very professional and very accommodating I think they did a phenomenal job.
Less wait time would be nice.
Level of care is inconsistent depending who is on staff.
Logistics of using shower room No lock so can only close door. I closed door, & while disrobing nurse opened door (to bring in wheelchair patient) & smacked my wrist on door (got a big bruise) - More caution when opening closed door.
Long wait is totally understand as priority of illness.
Long wait. - No nursing care. - Put in a room & left there. - Very arrogant dr. - Did nothing for me
Looking back I was very sick with chest infection had to go twice to emerg & twice to clinic. Very frustrating.
Luckily didn't have a long wait Appreciated it as I knew what I had and just needed confirmation and antibiotics
Lucky to have a great health team in our area. Thanks for all you do
Many thanks to all the hospital staff, from cleaners to food providers for their excellent support in so many ways XXXXXXXXXXXX
Meals were good physiotherapy was good.
Mine was a scheduled visit so its not the same as if I had appeared there sick. I was scheduled at 8 a.m. and I was taking right away.
Minor glitch with my medication I was shown a list of the medication I would be receiving. There was 5 different ones when I check out they fax list over to shoppers. When pick up only 4 I called the pharmacy and they would fax something to the Doctor's office and inquire. It was XXXXXXXX night and the office was open until noon on XXXXXX but they may not see the fax. I phoned XXXXXXXXXXXX at the nursing station she was not on duty women that I talked to said she would check she called back and only 4 was correct. The 5th was not needed to take at home. Second more importantly that cause anxiety was that I was told I could not get out of bed I have a secondary issue nothing to do with why I was in there but I have to do something when I have a bowl movement and could not use a bedpan. I explained to the nurse manager don't know why doctors order it was like this is the way it is going to be and we are not going to listen. Most stressful at the hospital I would like to find solutions go to ED I was formal first aid instructor we are told don't assume what is wrong but do a scan and talk to people and the same should be done. During the admission everything was focus on why I was there perhaps I have other issues that the staff need to be aware of. Secondary issue that is with me everyday that I deal with but no questions about that or special needs with that. They should be aware of every time I have a bowl movement. Nurse manager came by I explained that to her and she would bring it up at a meeting to help other patients. I was very please with my care. Happy I was in XXXXXX that my family doctor was there and sat down with me to talk and did not seem to be rushed. I was very pleased with his bed side manner.
More communication amongst other hospitals
More urgent care for people that are in pain. I waited over 2 hours and was in excruciating pain.
Morning times and evening times there were dirty diapers in the bathroom. I had to leave my room with my table to find a place for breakfast. I had nurses walking by with opened dirty diapers.
Most of staff were very nice. The daytime nurse was not very pleasant. She was rude and abrupt.
My baby was born not breathing and I can't thank the nurses and doctors for their quick thinking they ventilated my son and we were flown to XXX in XXXXXXXX, I am happy to report that we are home and my son is breathing on his own. Thank you so much to everyone involved!
My ED visit was low level elective maintenance that my doctor elected to do at the emergency dept. instead of his office. All went well!
My entire experience was amazing - care + compassion from arrival to surgery + stay after. The surgical team went above and beyond when I had to have an additional unplanned procedure - excellent level of care!
My experience was much better than I thought The nursing staff was excellent Food was excellent It was very good experience.
My family wasn't contacted after my surgery. I received medication & didn't know what was for. No nurse came to house till my daughter called about it. No meds were given in a timely manner. I didn't receive booklet prior surgery. In the thr hospital too many patients & not enough nurses. Nurse was hard to find.
My file was misplaced so I never saw a doctor when my girlfriend called they said I was not at the emergency care I waited for over 5 -6 hrs. The nurses were rude making comments that I was the mean one because I was asking questions about how long it would take to be seen.
My hospital stay in XXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXX was very good.
My hospital stay was very positive and enjoyed the staff's professionalism. Clearly explain what was planned. No negative issues at all. Have to thank the staff
My hospital stay wasn't very good. They didn't have any beds for me. I ended up staying in intensive care for 2 days without a TV or air conditioning on a gurney. It was hot. I had to get up and walk around.
My next visit to emerge will be by ambulance
My only complaint was that when I did my pre op stuff I explained I had celiac disease and couldn't have gluten and that was an issue when they brought the meal to me I wasn't able to eat it as it wasn't gluten free when I mentioned it to my nurse she was able to get me something really quick that I was able to eat and was gluten free
My opinion doctors and staff seem over burden with the rise in drug overdoses and associated problems with it (unreadable)
My overall experience was good My discharge day was a total failure - had to wait for 3 hrs after ready - drugs were not faxed to pharmacy efficiently - 2 phone calls to get it fixed - IV line was not removed - had it done in hallway on my way out. No offer + paperwork was lengthy + rushed through - nurse was rattled + not reassuring
My overall stay was absolutely amazing. I personally went up to all the nurses and doctors that took care of me and thanked them all. They all did a fantastic job and I was very happy with how well they took care of me. It had been 7 years since I had been to the hospital last to see a doctor and this was the first time I ever met my family doctor. I was very happy
My presenting issue was a hand injury. But I had also fallen & hurt my ankle. I repeatedly mentioned ankle pain in the ambulance & emergency. No one caught on. (It was later xrayed & diagnosed broken.) Then the surgical nurse came to bring me for my hand surgery & insisted I walk to surgery on my broken ankle & this after I complained of sever ankle pain to her!
My problem is short of breath. Could flare up again
My sons broken arm though it was serious, there were other emergencies greater than his. Job was well done
My stay in a ward with 3 elderly women was a nightmare. I would have rather slept in a closet or the hall. Sleep was non existent. Staff was awesome, they tried their best. But unfortunately the ear plugs were not big enough.
My stay in the hospital was 2 1/2 days total knee replacement. My experience was mainly in the surgical area.
My stay involved a total knee replacement ... I have never seen a team work so cohesively ... from the ER admitting to Surgical Day care to the OR team! Everyone treated myself and my partner as well as each other with the utmost respect but also like friends ... not easy to do!
My stay was excellent. The staff treated me very well.
My visit for myself was excellent. Only problem I think because Covid I am suppose to have a MRI and it has been over a month. Besides that it is excellent. Nurses and doctors do their best with what they have. Sometimes you wait 5 or 6 hours sometimes only one.
My visit was a very positive experience - Staff was very thorough sensitive taking time to listen
My visit was prearranged by my doctor to arrive for (unreadable) through IV every second day for 10 days
Nice stay Comfortable
No as I say it was painless that time there was nobody there when I got there I got in very quickly I think the most time was waiting for the blood test
No comments.
No everything was excellent.
No I said all I could. I had good care. I am XX yrs old and still at home so I am happy with my care.
No I was extremely surprised. I thought I would have to wait 2 to 3 hours and I was in so much pain and I think they prioritized.
No problem with going to XXXXXX live in XXXXXXXXXXX and I had book a hotel room for the night before but then my surgery was changed and since the XXXX was shut down there is all kinds of people taking the rooms so we were concern there would be no rooms and that my husband would have to come back home 4 hours and not be there but it did work out and I was able to find a room. Also I preferred to have a private room I was in with 3 other people.
No thanks
No they were good. The ambulance people were wonderful. They were great.
No, all was good
No, I was very happy with the results of my visit
No, stay was good and staff helpful. XXXXXXXXXXXX
No. It was a good visit.
Nobody came to make sure I was comfortable after they isolated me from everyone else. I sat alone in the dark for about an hour or an hour and a half after being triaged.
Nope It was great.
Nope It was great.
Not at the time.
Not having a visit from my wife was hard. I was put in a ward with PT's that made noise and 2 roommates that I think had alzheimer and they peed themselves so there was a smell. The nurses cleaned them up but still a smell.
Not really
Not satisfied with my doctor he does not seem to care. But I treated very well treated with respect and if I needed something it was there. XXXXXX is not too bad for paying for parking.
Not too much to say just that there was a long time waiting for test results.
Noted beds being used by long term patients waiting for beds in long term residences and these patients use up much of nursing staff's time, ie tracking them and returning them to their own rooms. Also one pulled fire alarm after trying to get out back door
Nothing this time
Nurses - extremely caring - best was the direct eye contact with complete focus on you as a patient Surgeon - friendly & very professional Surgery nurses - THE BEST I got such good vibes and they performed with such confidence and seemed so happy to serve me and to do the best performance during this medical procedure. Food - Awesome I loved my experience at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - told many in my community support rural hospitals!
Nurses & doctors are very thorough & caring.
Nurses and doctors were great.
Nurses over worked, tending to sick people fine some need to be put in LTC homes wandering around don't know where their at.
Nurses very caring and helpful! Only concern I had was the lady sharing the room was from out of town. She shared she had being visiting with relatives in the area and then stayed in a local hotel the night before My concern was COVID 19. #23 ust wanted there staff come + got me. Was early morning. Was there for knee replacement surgery.
Nurses were all excellent but there was no communication from Doctors no one seemed to know the Doctor's plan or what was happening. The Nurses were excellent but they could not tell me what was going on so it was frustrating with the lack of communication. Nursing were excellent.
Nurses were excellent + wait was way too long for the number of people there After waiting 4 1/2 hours with a mask on a senior or any person does not need a doctor asking why you felt the need to come to emergency
Nurses wonderful. Dr. XXXXX a complete arrogant ass. Wait times for too long.
On 2 separate times I noticed 2 First Nation patients walk in off the street and be taken back for treatment immediately. They showed no signs of pain or stress The rest of the white patients were left to wait up to 4 hours in my case. I feel we should all be treated the same & not see another ethnicity jump the line. I was there 2 days in a row. It was the 1st day that I saw this.
On the whole I was quite pleased. What I don't like is when sick patients are put in the same room as someone with dementia because we need our rest and we did not get it.
One it was a foot injury so I got over to pay for the parking and then there is no receipt to put on the car. Second on my medical record I'm not a frequent attender at emergency. The system has never registered that I am allergic to penicillin and it should be on my record. Third the clock in the room that I was in was off by about three hours.
One nurse was did not even tell me what her name was. Did not ask my name did not confirm meds were mine. Wait an hour to go to the bathroom Wait an hour for pain meds. Surgeon said to go home and come back if get worse. The pain never went away. He said to get a ultrasound he would not send me for a scope when I got out I went to another hospital. He did not explain anything No idea on what is going on. Only said an assist on ovaries gave me one week of pills needed more because if I do not take them I cannot eat. I was told suppose to happen in first couple weeks to get tests and never heard anything. Fighting with the whole system to find out what is going on. I eat and everything comes out the other end.
Only had a terrible experience with one (1) nurse. She had (0) zero respect and did not want to explain new medications with a nasty voice! Her quote "What! You think I'm trying to kill you," when I questioned new meds.
Only that they didn't find out what was wrong with me and didn't seem to want to.
Only thing of concern was disappointed at CT scan. IV hurt twice and I screamed twice. During first injection and once after 2nd injection of dye They did not stop. Told me after the scan that reason was vein on top of hand too small
Only true concern in washroom cleanliness - provide cleaning supplies to patient or clean them please! People leave blood and pee everywhere , thanks!
Other than the visit took 8.5 hours with anybody speaking to us about why it was so long it was very lengthy wait for what we were there for. We were asked to come back the following day for x-ray since the technician had left for the night. It was a very upsetting experience for myself and my X year old son. I was very disappointed with that experience. That is not the reflection on the staff they were very courteous.
Our hospital in XXXXXX is by far the best hospital I have ever been in out of a total of 5 or 6 in my XX years
Our hospital is extremely busy at ER. Nurses run butts off the doctors too. The should have an on call doctor no need to have 8-10 hours of waiting time. I don't understand the wait period. Have another doctor on call to come and in help out.
Our wait time is just to long in our E.R.
Over all it was good
Over all pretty decent experience I felt I was left in the dark allot and when I left the hospital I did not really know what had happened Another doctor told me I had a mild heart attack after.
Over the years when I have had the use the emergency department the care from the admittance dept to nursing to seeing the doctor has been excellent
Over the years, XXXX is most likely the best medical facility I have attended.
Overall good experience Good staff
Overall I feel like the doctor did not know what he was saying about a concussion. Did not get any info from him. Nice to be more informed about potential side effects with working with a concussion because it prolongs the recovery time.
Overall I thought it was a good experience. I was very happy with the whole thing.
Overall it was a good experience
Overall it was ok nobody likes to be in the hospital but you have to go you have to go. The hospital food was good and I had to much. Everything good no complaints.
Overall when I visited my mother seemed fairly content
Parking lot could be a bit better
Patient wishes that her partner maybe had a better place to sleep (the chair he had that was meant to fold out was not actually working properly) Found that Nurses could be more empathic and respectful during contractions with patients as they were discussing their regular home life and not really Motivating, speaking to or helping the patients with dealing. All they seemed to know how to do was give the med they would just carry on with their personal convo. Patients feels they could maybe have a course in this.
Please make wait times less or move access to our own doctors/nurse practitioners
Prior to my surgery I was suppose to receive information package about what too do what to bring etc. and I never got that and I had to scramble to get the things before my surgery
PT has no comments
PT has no comments
PT has no comments
PT said his wife was disappointed of not been informed at least every 2 hours in the waiting room. Wife had to approach to reception asking about PTs status.
PT said I had a very caring hospital staff and they treated me very well
PT said it was a very good experience overall
PT said it was awesome and I have no complains
PT said it was good
PT said it was very good good
PT said she was treated very well and to recognize to surgeon doctor XXXXXXX and another female doctor that was very helpful
PT said she went to ED and spoke with an Administration lady and she put PT in a consultation room. During her wait of three hours she saw doctors and nurses walking in front of PT an nobody came to see her. Later PT left the ED and a week later she saw her family doctor in his office
PT said the doctors and nurses were great
PT said there was only one PT ahead of him and PT was placed in a room and nobody checked on him in an hour or told PT how long it was going to take for his check. There was no update for people placed in the waiting room with pain
PT said they did a great job. PT skipped question Q 46.
PT said they took him right away and it was a quick response
PT says it was a Horrible experience waited far too long to be seen and once he was seen the Dr did not take enough time to inspect or care for him. He felt like he was receiving THIRD WORLD CARE.
Quite pleased with his experience.
Received attitude from a nursing staff when answering questions to her. Watched her roll her eyes when I said the pain medication wasn't effective. In this situation I felt very small and it was very upsetting to be treated that way I spoke to the doctor on staff about it and he apologized for the nurses behavior.
Received excellent care in a very timely manner. Wonderful staff.
Received excellent care!!
Satisfied for sure. Impressed with the way it's operated. I get pretty good treatment there all the time.
See over re facecloth & towel. Staff was very kind & respectful of privacy compassionate & caring. Was happy to go home & shower & sleep in own bed to finish recovering but hospital was excellent place to be when so sick. Thank you.
service were just absolutely wonderful all the service was great I got help when I needed it. It was great it was very very good and very positive.
She had a great visit.
Six hour wait for treatment (XXXXXX 11:30 AM 6:30 PM). It would have been nice to have some communication from staff indicated they were dealing with a lengthy case Entire waiting room full for a very long time
Skipped Question- 23
Some of the staff was excellent some were a little bit judgmental I am a first time mom and childbirth was difficult I was in the hospital for 48 hrs after a c section the nighttime nurse was great but the daytime not so much I was having a hard time getting the baby to latch and she was a boob nazi pushing for breast feeding only and judgmental and really awful especially as a first time mom with no visitors due to covid 19 a c section etc...
Someone came into my room and parked his wheelchair at the end of my bed. It was freaky because he was a little bit strange. I rang my bell and the nurse came in and scolded him. I was very uncomfortable. She was very upset for me.
Sometime waiting time is very high Up to 8-12 hrs.
Speed could get better.
Spent whole night on uncomfortable gurney. A bed would have been more comfortable. Excellent care by nurses & physician.
Staff and doctors were awesome treated me very well.
Staff are very helpful. I got to emerg with a book prepared that a more urgent issue may arise and I will have to wait to be seen.
Staff needs to be knowledgeable regarding travel times for local and out- of-town patients. (prior to admission and following release).
Staff very efficient.
Staff was great however the room I was in had supplies and it was a very loud spot to be. I could only get 15 minutes of sleep at a time.
Staff was really helpful and kind and communicated really well.
Staff was very supportive and made my child birth experience smooth and controlled Nurses and cleaning staff were very pleasant Everyone followed Covid - 19 protocol.
Stressed nurses should take anger management, so that they won't be angry with patients - Lack of communication between nurses and doctors re : patient - Bring in social worker to advocate for patients who are very ill, and cannot speak for themselves. Nurses should be trained to be sensitive to patients who are very ill, for example minorities, older patients, also.
Successful hip survery Very happy at this point XXXXXXXXXXXX
Take to long, and then 5 min visit and no meds at all.
Terrible wait times Terrible clinic services for local patients.
Thank you for everything
Thank you for everything.
Thank you to all who cared for me. I'm close to vegetarian and I didn't have much choice of meals. Not to good vegetarian standards. I ate what was given.
Thankful for the help
That it was not an emergency situation just a follow up appointment for a cast removal and check up.
The 2 physicians at shift change had a 20 minute conversation about fishing when I did get into a room I sat there listening to this after 4 1/2 hours of waiting to get stitches on my had from a cut that happened at work Unacceptable
The After care form they give me is different from the one that surgeon told me. It would be nice if that is updated.
The bathroom door in room 101 needs to be fixed so it won't close & people get shut inside. It sticks at times.
The best hospital I've ever been in.
The care and everything went really well and the nurses were good I had trouble nursing and did not find the nurses very helpful. Which I think for a new mom it would be nicer if they could help more and give more advice. Instead of saying you will get it eventually.
The care I was given due to a head injury was exceptional. 10/10 for treatment!!!
The care was excellent and they treated me very well and I was very pleased to stay there. The care was excellent.
The care was excellent, they all did a great job!
The care was excellent.
The care was excellent. The food I don't know. I got eggs that looked like miniature curling rocks. Not appetizing.
The doctor and I did get along very well I was pretty much happy with everything. But was pretty mad because when I went back originally to get an extension they told me no. I wasn't very happy but when I had went in to the hospital I still didn't understand their decision for the extension because he had never told me what the side affects were so I was not happy I landed there again. I don't know whats wrong until i go back to see what they say and I am done this prescription. I think there decision was not helpful as the whole thing came back originally like they said it would go away. I am not happy with the part of the program where you can't get a hold of someone when I left this time they told me they would get a hold of me. I could phone everyday for a week and when I finally get through they don't have any appointments and that's why I go to emergency most of the time. There is definitely and issue with the appointments and scheduling.
The doctor could have been a little more considerate. I understand you see a lot of people and I asked about a few treatments and he was not very receptive to something that would help alleviate my pain. He could have been a little more receptive to my suggestions as sometimes people know what they need as they may know there current situation. They may have been in this situation several times and are not necessarily trying to tell them how to do their job.
The doctor could have explained a bit more about the progression of my illness and how it would affect me in the long term.
The doctor I had was so good.
The doctor I saw was really really good He was warm and compassionate and made me feel very comfortable I was impressed by that.
The doctor told me to get an ultra sound and I was sure he said they will call and book it but they never. So I called the hospital and they gave me the ED's phone number so I called them and they wanted to know where I got their number. I said the hospital gave it to me. They just said to come back to the ER for an ultra sound. They definitely need more doctors on call in ED. But I know it is like that everywhere.
The doctor was a ignorant, and a pompous asshole and treated me with sarcasm I should sue him and the hospital I will seek direction! Still in pain as of XXXXXXX XX XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The doctor was awesome.
The doctor was incorrect in understanding my problems - it wasn't the correct issue. But I managed on my own. Secondly I did not see the doctor in charge - I saw the student doctor? which was fine with me. I was left in a room by myself for quite a while - I think that someone should of checked on me. I don't know how long they leave people in rooms the door was shut because of covid. The doctor was very nice - I have no complaints.
The doctor was very good and very thorough.
The doctor was very very good. And all the other staff. I don't enjoy coming to ER doctor as I know he has lots of patients to look after
The doctors and nurses always explained everything that was done or given to me. They were the best
The doctors really do their best and the nurses do a great job. They are very thorough by washing their hands before helping a patient. The wait time really depends on the emergencies that come in. It usually lasts between 1 and 5 hours. They are also definitely over-worked. People that come in need to have more appreciation for the nurses and doctors. It seems patients don't seem to understand the amount time of care they are putting in to the patients.
The emergency department the wait time could be less there could make it a lot better by fixing few little things.
The emergency department was trying to save my life, which they did - praise god! I didn't ask a lot of questions, I just wanted help I was having a heart attack
The experience was really good.
The fact that I also work in that field I think that's was why there was a lack of info because they know me and know that I work in that field so they don't need to tell me everything.
The first person I saw was at registration but to see a nurse it was like 4 hours. Then of course there was the setting me up for the tests and the doctor and by the time I left it was 5 hours. During covid I expected to see people cleaning wiping down surfaces and disinfection. In those 5 hours there wasn't one single thing cleaned that I could see. Nobody cleaned anything not even the bathroom and I was very disturbed about that.
The folks were good they did a very good job.
The follow up with the diabetic team was very helpful. In XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I was extremely ill & my (unreadable) communicated for me. Follow up care in XXXXXX & XXXXXX health team (diabetes center) was my data FYI XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The food - - not good.
The food department came up to see me due to my diet and they made an effort ref my diet while I was there. So overall even though I was suppose to have my surgery in XXXXXXX but got moved to XXXXXX due to shortage of bed It went well.
The food in this hospital is beyond excellent Compared to other hospital stays in XXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXX and XXX This hospital's food is terrific and never served cold
The food was excellent because I had to tell them only drink should be skimmed milk and I can't have onions also tuna sandwiches. so they gave me what I wanted to eat actually. They have the cook and best food in the hospital.
The food was good usually it is not. I have no complaints. I was treated like a person.
The food was great. Service best.
The food was so bad I refused to eat
The health care that I was given at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was great I think the staff on the ward I was in are great. They are the best 100%
The hospital needs more staff. All hospitals should all have a dark quiet room for people with migraines so you don't have to hear all of the things going on. They should have rooms with proper heating as well. I wish I was on the hospital board but I never find out when they have board meetings or are asking new people to join . I guess I'll put it out to a friend who is a nurse there. The hospital thinks they can give proper care by just changing a few things. They need to not have people walking out. They need to come up with a strategic plan to get patients in and out. There is a lot of change that needs to happen in the hospital. The staff are usually pretty friendly and stuff but there have been some very rude nurses in the past. They need some continuing education on proper skills and confidentiality. I have heard of people talking around town. They need to make sure confidentiality is being adhered to. The last thing someone wants is to hear that their information is being shared around town. I went to the hospital a different time as a care person with someone who was sexually assaulted. We were there for hours. It would be helpful to try to get those people in and out as quick as possible to reduce anxiety. The nurse had to keep leaving and carrying everything in and out. My thought was what if the nurse fell and the evidence went away then they would have to do the rape kit all over again. My suggestion is that they have a box for the rape kit and the envelope to ensure the evidence is staying safe. There was an on-call nurse that came but she took a long time to get there. They should have more nurses specifically trained for that and doing things in a timely fashion. When someone has gone through something as traumatic as rape they want to go home and they don't want to be seen. Thankfully they got her into a room right away but it was a long waiting process. Maybe just thinking outside of the box to make it more comfortable for women who have gone through that situation.
The hospital staff were just so caring & kind.
The Hospital stay was no trouble. The ED part was little bit traumatic for me I went there I was schedule to be admitted XXXXXX morning for 48 hours for pain medication because I could not take it orally. They put me ED until I could get a bed for like 12 hours and I thought that was too long. I was very sick. They did not have a bed if they would have told me I would have rested in my own bed instead of sit for a long time and then got a room but could not lay down had to lay on my side I was in pain. The IV would have help but they would not give me anything. As soon as I got to my bed things went well.
The hospital was very clean
The importance of being able to go to emergency dept anytime when I really need to.
The individual help and care given to each patient was clearly noticeable. Meals served could be improved on. Hard to give a "+" in that area.
The issues I attend emergency for, I don't leave with a doctor diagnosis. So I generally leave not knowing what's going on with me. However, the appropriate tests have been done and nothing ever turns up.
The letter attached to this survey did not indicate which visit concerned. I assumed that it referred to the latest visit (an incident related to my diabetes) and answered accordingly.
THe medical staff were friendly and caring. Thank you for your care!! I appreciate it.
The next day after the emergency room visit, I had to go to be fitted for air cast. The front desk girl sent me back to other entry, they sent me back, I got sent back to physio with a broken foot it was hard to get around being sent back + forth 4x. The physio lady was mad she didn't know that I was coming in to be fitted she was grumpy she made me feel as though I was inconveniencing her my sisters brought me in and we felt uncomfortable. The emergency room staff were great + friendly when I broke foot.
The night use of the nurses call bell system was extremely disruptive of sleep.
The nurse and doctor were good and apologized for the wait. But just a long time to sit in pain. Be nice if they could give you something while you wait.
The nurse at front was very friendly the nurse monitoring me and checking me wasn?t very friendly the doctor was really good I would go back again he was very helpful
The nurses + staff were excellent for my stay at the hospital
The nurses and doctors worked extremely well together. They were very conscientious of my situation and they were very thorough.
The nurses did very really with what they had to deal with the first night I was there. They were short staff and the supervisor had to be my nurse. They worked really despite not having the proper staff look after everyone.
The nurses were absolutely fantastic - they had a car crash that came in before we did so it was extremely busy - but everyone was fantastic.
The nurses were excellent
The nurses were extremely accommodating. If they did not know an answer they would find it within a timely manner. No complaints about the experience.
The nurses were fantastic & made me feel so much better after getting poor treatment from the doctor.
The nurses were kind to me. They can get mad at some patients but to me they were nice. They helped me if I needed help. I got help every time I needed it. I liked being in there and how I got treated for what I went for.
The nursing and physio staff were excellent.
The nursing staff and doctors were excellent. I have never been in the hospital so the overall experience was excellent as I don't have anything to compare it to but I felt very well taken care of. Dr XXXXXX was excellent and forwarded all of the relevant information to my family doctor. When I got home my doctor had it so it was done very quickly and well done.
The nursing staff and the cleaning staff and the kitchen staff was wonderful and management needs to give these people a pat on the back and the doctors were for the most part wonderful and everyone worked with a smile
The only aspect that were not 100% was because of the the nursing staff didn?t have enough time. The poor girl was over worked and very busy. She was a saint and was very very busy and she never stopped. I felt guilty for asking for help cause she was so busy. She was running for 12 hours and was absolutely great. It was not the nurses fault they were just so under staffed.
The only bad experience I had was on the XXX day they moved a firstivation patient in for one night (fortunately) and outside of his moaning & groaning which is understandable but he left his TV on the entire night
The only complaint it took forever. Need something like a walk in clinic to get an antibiotic. I know I am not an emergency but a lot of people use the ER like a walk in clinic.
The only critical thing was that people were allowed to come into my room without consent. They were not stopped at the door they just came in when they wanted and there was times I did not know them or did not want them in my room. Other then that staff and experience was great.
The only issue was when I was released. I did not know I had to find a way home in my nightie. If I was aware would have followed the ambulance and I just happened to have cash on me to get home. It was after midnight as well. Everything else was good.
The only thing I can say is the doctor is a very good doctor for a small hospital. One of the best. Also the nurses. Everybody there are good.
The only thing I had day surgery They discharged from day surgery in case any problem The nurses showing my wife what to do in case of problem but they should keep in hospital if there is a problem My wife is not a nurse.
The process (total hip replacement) I saw my GP then one hospital visit to Dryden Specialty Clinic to get initial meeting with the dr they have that as an entire day process but the lab is only open part of the day so I needed to come back the following XXXXXX ... completely inefficient then I had to come back 2 weeks later for another visit that could have all been fit into the initial meeting. Hospital staff was fantastic its just the organizational portion
The reason I went to the emergency dept is that for appointments are next to impossible at anytime and during "covid 19" only available appts are by telephone -
The service was great. Doctor apologize for being busy. Overall good experience.
The staff + nurses were some of the best of any hospital I have been in. Thanks a lot. Very pleased
The staff especially the nurses are the greatest you can find. We have a great nursing staff.
The staff explained everything to me in detail. They went above and beyond to get my physio setup in XXXXXX too.
The staff was very professional but they are understaffed for the patient load. The wait times are for to long.
The staff were very nice they help me with my roommate which I thought was really sweet of them they moved him so I could sleep. However the menu was just a lot of sugar items it was difficult because I do not eat sugar or gluten other then that it was really really good.
The stay in XXXXXX every time and I have been in many times every time was fantastic. I can't say enough about the doctors nurses and even the person that comes to take the blood.
The surgeon and the nursing staff was excellent. They provided me with a lot of information and they were great. It also provided me with a better appreciation for the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX than before.
The surgeon came from XX bay when they are done the surgery they go back. I had a knee replacement and it was difficult for me to get discharged. I was ready to be discharged at 10 am. I had to wait till 4 o clock in the afternoon for a doctor to discharge. A person should not have to wait 6 hours.
The time we have to wait is too long.
The visit itself getting painkillers took too long but other wise they had only 1 nurse when I came and they only 1 doctor on duty. They had people who had life or death situations I was more than happy to wait but it would have been nice to have the painkillers and then waited. The doctors and nurses did the best job they could and I was quite happy with what they could.
The wait time after the check to see a nurse/doctor is horribly long..
The wait time was long and I understand they are busy but it would at least be nice for someone to check on you while you wait instead of waiting four hours even for someone to take blood. A little more communication would be nice just so you know what is going on instead of just sitting there wondering.
The wait time was too long
The wait time was unacceptable doctor assistants are rare to make
The wait times are too long.
The wait times were a bit harsh.
The wait was too long especially since I am a diabetic.
The wait was too long to see the doctor. When i went I received a phone call to send me to the hospital and when I got there and they took my blood but it was 3 hours later before I saw a doctor. There were mix ups I felt there shouldn't have been.
The waiting time for ER visits are terrible (very lengthy)
The waiting was too long.
The XXXXXX hospital is great
Thee last visit was pretty good.
There could be better communication from the doctors to the nurses The nurses did not seem to get detailed updates on info not issued such as what docs next steps were I'm sure it's impossible to give detailed updates on everything but it leaves nurses with gaps in info. Perhaps a nurse could accompany dr when he attends her patients. Some way of sharing in the patient/doctor conversation - Recommendations: Work on detailed communications approaches in a busy environment between dr and patient and dr to nurses. Nurses to patient communications are very good because they interact a lot
There is a need for 2 doctors on most off the day shifts.
There should be more main doctors taking care of patients instead of running from one room to the next. It would be nice to see more than one doctor running from room to room, even in the night. I went in with wisdom teeth coming in and a cracked tooth and a swollen jaw and they didn't even give me any pain relief, just gave me antibiotics that I'm still taking today. No doctor or dentist will see me.
There was "no" clock in the room
There was a delay 1st Triage nurse did not inform the doctor that my vitals were in the red zone. And that apparently slowed down the EKG. So they triaged me wrong. The 2nd nurse caught it and my husband heard her saying something and then the doctor showed up.
There was a lady on the other corridor of me who was aboriginal and nobody could talk to her. And as a person who works with aboriginal people I was floored by that.
There was a nut running around, police were masked and gloved. I felt bad for all the staff, clinic appointments are a joke so I don't try call clinic anymore.
There was a significant amount of time between when I arrived at emergency and when the doctor arrived to begin her shift at 8:45 AM there was a large gap where there was no doctor available and the number of patients waiting kept increasing
There was confusion about time of when I was to arrived. The info said to arrive at 11 am. They had me rushing me down to get prep. When I got home I had the message waiting for me. They did not contact me on the numbers that I had left. I was from out of town and had my cell phone beside me. Staffing and surgeon very pleasant. Overall great stay. Gave XXXXXX cheers in the local paper. She thank them for giving her the surgery.
There was no call button near my bed Four of us in the room Nobody had a call button When I told the doctor the doctor was upset too. When I had a iron allergy attack I had to run to the hallway to asked for help They took care of me I am just waiting to see what's wrong with me.
There was not enough French. Bi- lingual. There were no Bi-lingual nurses.
There were too few nurses to take care properly of all patients. They were literally running from room to room + could not monitor properly patients under their care. Also no one is to smoke before entering hospital but some nurses have smoke on their clothes because they smoke outside.
There were two intern doctors working along side of Dr XXXXXXXXX so it made the waiting time much much shorter than other visits
There's a to long a wait. I know sometimes can't be helped because pain don't go away while waiting.
They are good.
They are very busy but they are all so kind and caring as tired as they are they still manage to smile. I give them so much credit for all the do
They can be really nice staff and other times just really rude. The racism that goes on is uncanny although not everyone is. Some Doctors and nurses are great and some are not. One time I had a skin condition and I scratch and the nurse assumed that they were track marks assumed I was drug addict. She also mentioned they do not distribute medication so she thought I was just there for drugs.
They could use an after hours clinic. I didn't need to go to the hospital but that is what I had to do.
They did very good, communicating only a small hospital.
They didn't help me with nay pain which was next to useless .. shouldn't have had to sit there that long. I was not happy.
They do a pretty good job.
They have a good system it looks as if somebody from dietary came up and she gave me three choices and then what ever I wanted I could get. I was really impressed with the therapists. Their coordination for home care services is very efficient and the pre-op package is just excellent . Who ever created that package is to be commended. It was very informative. There is one thing I wasn't given my follow up appointment with the surgeon. I don't know if that will be done in do time but I will take it upon myself to call and figure that out.
They need more beds.
They need more rooms My stay was fine No complaints Staff was very good to me. When I was not ready to come home I was put in a room with 4 beds with 3 old people that were dying or waiting to die or waiting for a nursing home room so that was disconcerting but I know that is a government issue.
They need to have a talk with the nurses and make them more caring for people than they are because they are not. None of the 3 times I've been there recently the nurses have been caring. They just don't care they're too busy doings to care.
They never ask if hungry or need something to drink given I am a diabetic. Could have provided with apple juice. Or asked if I was warm and I had to go get my own blankets. But one nurse gave me a warm blanket. The doctor was great he explained everything.
They never change my bedding. Everyone got their bed changed but me.
They respect your privacy and give you the best care they can.
They ship you out too soon. Had surgery XXXXX at 11:00 AM Left hosp on XXXXX at noon. Four hour drive to XXXXXXXXXXX. Very hard - much pain. I was pleased to have surgery in XXXXXX rather than wait approx 8-12 mo here in XXXXXXXXXXX
They should see their patients in the ER more quickly. The doctor is walking back and forth in the ER and the nurses are sitting at their desks. I had to wait about 5 hours.
They took a long time to empty the pee bottles. The food could be improved. I had more people bring me food because I wouldn't let my dog eat that food.
They treat me pretty good in there.
They treated me so good.
They treated me very very well and i would recommend it to anyone.
They were all very good and professional everything went quick I was very happy with my overall visit.
They were all very pleasant including the dr that I saw.
They were awesome.
They were excellent They were all very good and it was a very good experience for me.
They were fantastic.
They were fantastic. I couldn't ask for better help
They were really accommodating as they kept checking in on me even though they didn't.
They were really good about answering the call bell when possible but they were definitely under staffed.
They were really good and watched my arm.
They were very fast very efficient and very professional.
They were very good
They were very good
They were very good to me. Everything was nice and clean and the food was very good.
They were very professional and I'm so glad I was able to go there and get the help I needed.
They were very responsive to my problem kind and courteous. I was very well satisfied.
This ER was sorely understaffed I waited (alone) for 7 hours in a wheelchair I could not move in a corner where I wouldn't be bumped and no one checked if I was ok or needed anything the whole time I was thanked for my patience but that's a long time to be immobile with no care at all Note staff (once I got in to see them) were wonderful!
This experiences was absolutely excellent they were very accommodating
This hospital was very good, even better than XXXXXXXXXXX Though, the beds mattress needs to be rotated at least (above head looked way softer than mid/bottom) I slept on the pull out couch once husband left - It was more comfortable
This is an ongoing fusion every week.
This stay was actually very very good. Nurse came to my home. It was very very good.
This survey is way too long
This visit to the emergency department was seamless. I am not sure if it had anything to do with going to the department at 3 am. I went in for a very bad asthma attack and my pre check was done and right away I was brought to a bed. The student doctor was thorough and made sure I was taken care of. The nurse checked on me multiple times to make sure the puffers were working and the oxygen was helping to get my stats back to normal. The doctor decided to order me an xray to make sure my lungs and an xray was done first thing when a staff member came to work I felt like there was a lot of communication with me about what medications I was taking and why and ideas of what was going on and trying to figure out how best to help me
This visit was really good but there have been times in the past where I've had to go to emergency and it was not so good. Not every time is the same. This time was good but I've had other bad ones as well.
This was a very good visit. All the nurses and doctors were great.
This was much better then my last stay for knee pain no relief. No one listening. I was happy this time but scared until I got there.
This was my first experience. The only thing that bothered me (because the hosp is sooo full), I was placed in a 4 bed room with dementia patients, cancer patient who was there for a year and a lady that had an unsuccessful brain operations who was continually moving into my space and frightened me, although, I think she was harmless. All 3 others had been there for years so I imagine it was a form of extend-a-care I was covered for semi private but not beds - Nurses are totally overworked and are absolutely wonderful. They really care about you. The hospital is very clean. Hope this helps somewhat.
This was sent to my son (X yrs). We both needed to be seen. Was in lobby for a few hours. Left because was still to be a few hours to be seen and son was tired. Some staff and drs need more patients dealing with patients who come in and be respectful and nice. Many times me and other people I know who have gone in and seen nurses be disrespectful. Misdiagnose patients so they would leave and are down right rude many (me myself) feel like going out of town to actually get the right care we need with respect.
This was the absolute best experience I've ever had at XXXX. Dr. XX (XXX) was incredible. He listened to me immediately, was timely and I was in and out of ER within an hour. I have had some awful experiences at this ER over the years, so this particular visit stood out. I hope he stays in XXXXXX!
This was the fastest visit I had in all the other visits I've had in the past It would be nice if I was able to have had my visit at the clinic though versus going to emergency.
To give you a bed right if you have pain. They are just sitting behind the desk talking and playing on the phones they don't spend much time with the patient. When in the hospital I rang the bell to go to the bathroom. The doctor gave me a urine bottle. What do you do pee your bed.If you come off the street you should be look at as soon as possible. Some have to sit for hours. The don't acknowledge who you are it is sad to sit for hours and can't get attention. Waiting time should not be more than 20 or 30 minutes. It is just too long not 6 to 8 hours. You have to be dying to get attention.
To me it was excellent.
Told me I would have a a private room but then they moved me in with someone else and when she moved out they moved someone else in. Don't put me with mental people I cannot handle them. I don't care if they mental as long as they don't make noise. Also when the nurse come in and turn on light and get gloves but when they left they would leave the lights on. Had to get up each time. Other than that it was pretty good.
Too long to get care.
Treated really well by all staff!!
Treated well and the food was good. I had no problems. I am pleased. Thank you they pulled me back from the edge.
Triage window needs a privacy film
Unfortunately could use more staff, with that said I totally realize it is out of your control. Thank you.
Upon entering the ER, I saw a man in a wheel chair selling drugs to a couple just outside the main doors I learned later that he is a well known "Drug dealer" who resides within the XXXX. This info makes me a little scared to go again to the ER alone especially after visiting hours not sure why something isn't being done to end this criminal behaviour XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Very caring hospital
Very clean. Enjoyed my stay. Food was good.
Very disappointed with the follow up care not the hospital.
Very glad they are there!
Very good experience, noise control should be more under control very noisy at night. Staff were great.
Very good, excellent doctors
Very impressed with how the staff treated one another they worked together like a well oiled machine! The staff was amazing!
Very kind and friendly staff, nurses, & doctor could have ask for better care.
Very long wait. Left after 5 1/2 hrs.
Very nice to me very helpful very efficient I have to go there often for Migraine IV Medicine and they are always efficient.
Very pleased with all the staff - excellent care I requested Dryden as I had my knee surgery XXXX The meals were very tasty also (arthroscopy also XXXX)
Very pleased with respect & kindness of Dr. XXXXXX.
Very professional and caring staff (nurses and doctors).
Very prompt and I was taking care of well
Very prompt and professional. Excuse my printing. I lost my index finger. Learning to write again.
Very satisfied Thank you
Very slow So much bullshit
Very well done
Very, very pleased with the care patient received.
Visit was for a problem with shingles outbreak
Wait much to long when you go to emergency.
Wait time is long.
Wait times far too long
Wait times, triage, and RN should not be diagnosing To many diagnoses, visits, make up what pt is being diagnosed with
Wait too long obviously they make you wait so you avoid visiting E.R. Hard to see dr. in clinic, to get appt. Waiting in lobby with ill people, you get tired, hungry you can't leave if you're alone. I realize my visit wasn't an emergency but where do you go esp. on wkends. Thank you
Waiting time is just horrible.
Waiting time too long
Was admitted to a room. But no staff or anyone checked on in the 4 hrs I was. So I walked out and went to XXXXXXXXXXXXX where I was seen promptly.
Was disappointed that I layed in bed for 4 hours without a nurse or anyone else coming in to check on me or offer me a drink/hot blanket.
Was in room XXX and there are many little bugs on the windows, on the heater, on the floor and flying around the room.
Was not impressed with the doctor, the nursing staff is excellent.
Was slow for only 4 people in emerg
Was told I had to sit in a waiting room and if I got tired of waiting to tell the head nurse that I was doing so 3 people arrived after me and were brought out back and treated right away.
Was very happy with the thoroughness of Dr XXXXXX and tests done to get to root of issues & alleviate stress explaining things
We have awesome caregivers at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
We have excellent care my husband had to go to XXXXXXXX and the care I saw there compared to ours ours is so much better. It is all about the wait time. Otherwise everyone is excellent as far as taking care of you.
We waited over 3 hours and we didn't even get to see a doctor.
We waited over 4 hours just for preventative antibiotics. Did not feel comfortable at hospital during covid but made to wait with X yo for puncture wound dr on brace but was not doctor seen. Watched nurses suit up outside of our door & just lost fam member to covid and had increased anxiety seeing nurses suiting up while we waited in room not knowing if a covid patient was being walked past our door (I already know the protocol is not great or even good at this hospital)
Well I'd just like to say that I had been there the day previous and when my wife and I went in there were 4 people waiting so I had thought that wed get in quite quickly. The day before I had been coughing up a lot of blood sometimes drowning in it. We got there early afternoon shortly after the room had filled with native people and by 6:30 at night the room had emptied. My wife went up and asked if we could have a place for me to lay down and the receptionist said you'll just have to wait your turn so I then informed her I was going home to lay down. So then the next morning we arrived early and I was taken into a room immediately and sat there for I think an hour and 15 minutes in this little room where renovations were going on. Then a nurse came to talk to me and ask me questions then they came back and informed me I was going to have an x ray. The x ray department was incredible. They sent me back to the room and then everyone that was helping me starting wearing masks and they brought me a mask. Then the Doctor came in and in a nutshell this is what she told me I'm going to give you antibiotics which I was already on but she changed them to what she thought would be more acceptable. She basically said I don't know why you came to see me even though I was coughing up blood. Then when Doctor XXXXXXX came back a few days later he was furious. He saw my condition and that I was coughing up blood and he said the emergency should have ordered a ct to see why I was bleeding so much. Now I did have a ct and that department was absolutely awesome. Previous to this my sister and brother who are both younger than I both passed away of cancer and their treatment at XXXXXX was wonderful they did an amazing job. In regard to the doctor that asked me why I came to see her I am now being treated for lung cancer so she missed the boat on that one.
Well, I would like to share my experience at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I hope you will read this, XXXXXX morning on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I was driven to the emergency department at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX by my wife after I had cut my hand on a table saw. Shortly after 11 AM I sat down at the emergency room check in when a young lady (receptionist) took my health card info and asked what happened. Immediately after this information was given I was ushered into a room where "shortly" thereafter a nruse checked my hand and asked if I could move my fingers, I did, she said good because you just missed a tendon. She said I'd need stitches. I asked if she could clean the cut, she did then she wrapped my hand in guaze and said to tell the receptionist if it bled through and I returned to the waiting room. After an hour, or two it was (unreadable) I was the only patient in the waiting room. The second patient in the waiting room was an elderly gentleman who arrived at least 1 hour after I had been waiting and then the 3rd emergency patient arrived, an elderly woman with assistance (daughter possibly) During my wait I returned to the receptionist because the cut had bled through the wrap, coincidentally the nurse I had seen was there and commented I would be in shortly. I observed during my wait 2 groups exited the emergency doors and did not return and the only other people who entered the emergency room were the man and woman who arrived after I, and were still there when I left. I also observed maybe 1 - 1:30PM, paramedics were in the emergency room. (I didn't hear sirens, but I would guess they brought someone in) Approximately 2:30PM (ball park) the elderly gentleman received a phone call on his cell and he said "I've been here over an hour and there's only 3 people in the emergency room". Pretty much immediately after that I said to my wife we were leaving, she said tell them your leaving, it's just common courtesy. At that time I returned to the emergency room receptionist and told her she could take my name off the list (common courtesy), I did also ask 'is it possible to get a couple of those bandaids that hold to cut together. She excused herself and a lady (I'm assuming a nurse) opened the door to let me in (Same room I went in originally, as did the other 2 patients waiting in emergency). She asked the question "Do you need stitches" I answered "Yes" (Based on my initial/first encounter when I checked in and then I asked one question "Is it possible to get a couple bandaids that hold the cut closed". Her answer "Go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I was speechless the only thing I said was "you brought me in this room to tell me that." I never asked or requested to see a doctor to her or anyone else, kind of obvious.) The first nurse said I'd need stitches, the second one didn't, look at my hand offer a bandaid, but I'm sure has taken bandaids, etc. to her home on occasion. This was the worst experience ever. A joke. the individual and hospital should be ashamed of themselves - XXXXXXXXX PS As if this is going anywhere, another waste of time.
Went in with chest pain, pain level 8 or 9 for 3 days. Waited 4.5 hrs then they did an EKG bloodwork. Gave tylenol fro pain + sent home?? Come back if pain persists. Went back 2 weeks later with same pain that had never gone away. Total initial visit was 6.5 hrs for nothing.
What a wonderful experience at our stay The nursing staff were fantastic and listened to every question/concern I had Our dr was a blessing She was wonderful, caring and calm
What does race have to do with anything
When I finally saw a dr. he appeared to question the necessity of my being there. Once I talked to him he appeared to be less so
When I left they were supposed to give me a waterproof bandaid. They forgot. I had a hard time finding one after the fact.
When I returned from XXXXX from my angiogram they had given my bed away & have not followed up. I still haven't received any follow up calls for bloodwork, xrays, specialists appts that I was told I would get. It has been 6 weeks since my hospital stay.
When I transferred to XXXXXXXXXX they could've brought my things I had no clothes money or anything. When I was discharged from the hospital they did not care about how you get back home. And when I did get back home I had an envelope with money was stolen. They also never retrieved my airpods or iphone charger. When asked they said it was housekeeping.
When I was admitted it was excellent care couldn't not have been any better. It was good used to work in the school and there were 5 kids that are now nurses. The cleaning and kitchen staff was great. Excellent facility.
When I was in the ER the reason they kept me there was because they wanted to monitor my oxygen levels. I was supposed to get a clip on my finger and I never got it. The next day I asked the doctor about it and he said he would inquire however still nothing happened. The nurses are extremely extremely extremely busy. Its totally unfair to them. They don't have time to spend with patients. There are patients in the hospital that are discharged without proper care. It's not the fault of the nurses she was the only one. Totally unfair to the nurses. The cleaning staff? there was a paper on the floor for 3 days it was never picked up. Since I wasn't really sick I noticed a lot. I was with 3 old ladies and they couldn't do anything for themselves but the nurses were really busy. It is really sad. It is a beautiful hospital and the food is very good but there aren't enough nurses. There is not enough care. I am not complaining. I feel so bad for them it's not their fault. Nurses are taking the brunt of it and the patients than also suffers. I am only complaining that I did not get my oxygen monitored.
When I was in XXXXXX there were couple of nurses to come in to ask me what i supposed to do for me and she told know what she should do I told her to measure my urine but she did not measure. The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX does not know what happened to me in XXXXXXXXXXX I would like to talk to doctor what I should take and not.
When it was after the surgery a nurse on the day was trying to put an IV in and she kept poking me because she kept missing my vein. There is supposed to be a 3 maximum try rule and another nurse came in and she inserted the IV right away.
When someone passes away in the hospital all the door in the room should be closed or do something else when they escort him out.
When they put you in a room after triage then they leave you never know if you are going to be there 10 minutes or 4 hours. No one lets you know what is going on.
When you walk in the door a person asked general questions about COVID and there was nobody there to speak with indigenous in their language. This may apply to other people with another language issue. I was fine.
When your there over lunch don't always know if you can have food.
Where we are, they do the best they can. I believe that we're not in a big city so we don't have the funding or money for a big, fancy equipment so we have doctors who have to make do with what we do have. But I believe they do their best. It's a little country hospital and there's a lot of people.
Why they leave me with my IV during discharge that was only complain
Wish nurses would have check on us more it would be like 5 hours without checking. I would have to call for water. Other than that it was pretty decent.
Without the nurse's care my condition both this time and before could have been worse ...
X-ray dept needs a new bed! (unreadable) be a good one.
XXXXX (I think that's his name) outstanding young man. Very compassionate and caring. XXXX is very blessed to have this young gentleman
XXXXX was very caring and full of information that was asked. (XXXXX/XX)
XXXXXX - the nurse who cared for me was superb
XXXXXXXXXXX + XXXXXXXXXXX were great. XXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX was dealing with the ER admittance that night. I had been throwing up constantly for hours, my sister and I believed there was blood in my vomit and I could not talk, walk or think properly due to my poor condition. XXXXX was very cold and did not listen when my sister tried to explain what was going on as I had recently started taking new antibiotics so she figured it had something to do with that. I was unable to talk for myself so it would be of most importance if my sister was able to help answer questions. XXXXX completely ignored her when she tried to explain and shunned her away. As my sister believed she was shunned due to COVID restrictions and precautions, she called the hospital to further explain so the doctors and nurses could treat her with appropriate care. XXXXX answered and was again, very cold, impatient and told her that there was an ambulance on the way and that she 'better make it quick', implying that my care was not crucial. My sister was very appalled about this as no one should be treated like that, especially at the time when I wasn't doing well. XXXXX did not offer any compassion. She sat me in a chair and left. I could not hold myself up as I had a broken hand and was very weak. When I asked for a blanket because it was cold, she threw the blanket at me without coming in the room. I could not adjust the blanket myself as I had a broken hand and an IV in the other. The other nurse eventually fixed it for me but I was very cold for a while and felt there was no concern by XXXXX for my well-being. I do not want this to happen with me or any other patient in the future as no one deserves the kind of care that she treated me with. Please take appropriate action or do not have her deal with emergency patients as she made a terrifying experience worse than it should have been. Thank you.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the hospital I mainly go to it is a great place provides great care thorough staff volunteers.
Yeah I had some conflicting opinions one nurse would tell me one thing and then when I asked another nurse she would say
Yes - the night nurses were excellent - there were only 2-3 day nurses that were good they did not listen to me when I said I could not have wheat products - lactose intolerant. They badgered me all day about having a bowel movement when they did not feed me all day. I had to get my sister to come at dinner time to bring me food I could eat. I was supposed to lave on XXXX at 11:00 to go home and made arrangements and then they came in and said I had to leave at 10:00 because they wanted the room. I had to call and make new arrangements. I just had hip surgery how did they think I was going get dressed, to this day (XXXXX). I am still not allowed to bend or twist. They talk about how they take no abuse. What about the abuse we patients get IF you want to phone for more info feel free to call XXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes, my son is autistic & walking is very hard for him. The wait time in the ER are far to long. If it wasn't for his injury I would have went to our dr instead
You have a longer wait when not so urgent. Mine was different I was bleeding from the head. If it was the last time I would have answered differently because last time had a back injury and waited 6 hours. Other than that Health care professional are courtesy and know what they are doing.
You wait forever to see a doctor when you do he doesn't do anything for you. It's like you are a bother to them that I don't appreciate. I'm up there for a reason not to be treated like a number instead of a human being.
You wait too long to get care. You waiting 6 to 12 hours? It's crazy!
#1 visit - poor #2 visit very good
#37, 38, 39 - Don't really apply and was transferred to another facility for mroe complete testing to discover the cause and therefore proper treatment of my condition
(1) 15 people ahead of us (2) We had to sit in the "coughing" area - was in for fractured finger (3) Had to clean chairs ourselves (4) No care for over an hour so left as to not get Covid - f/u with family MD next day
(Dr XXXXXXXX) The doctor on duty was caring and kind. He explained my condition and informed me it would be a good idea to see a specialist. He then called a doctor and made an appointment for me I'm grateful for his care and concern.
1 doctor 1 practitioner Not well staffed To many hours between seeing doc or nurse 6+ hours long!
1 month ago I went by ambulance to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I was dizzy could not stand up well. I threw up all the time I went. So I went to the hospital in XXXXXXXXXX they took very well care of me. Hospital + ambulance XXXXXXXXXXXX
1) Nursing care was great! 2) Food was good 3) It was clean 4) Pharmacy explanation good!
1) Re #9 - I was across from nurse's station and a lot of activity at night 2) Re #5 - One doctor was rude in the emergency department since I had been there earlier in the day (tachycardia) SVT 3) Re #41 on XXXX - problems solved with ablation in XXXXXX This was an amazing hospital Nurses and doctors were patient, efficient, personable and knowledgeable. I cannot say enough about them I have never been exposed to the inner workings of emergency, and floor nursing I am in awe of their profession Special people!
1. I was admitted from emergency once & schedule for a proceed 60 days later. 2. Then admitted as a out patient to make sure there where not problems.
2nd visit - lanced abscess, put me on IV antibiotics - swabbed - which came back in a few days they - the N/P - called ot say antibiotic they put me on won't touch the bacteria I have new prescript start immediately this was a XXXXXX morn when she called!
3 people in a ward (I have semiprivate coverage. The Italian older lady talked night and day, kept pulling my curtains apart, couldn't sleep.
4 1/2 hrs wait from start to finish is terrible - Have been waiting 8 mos for a family dr. - Dr. was curt & cold re : going to emerge re a prescription but have no dr. - Triage & nurses were good but the wait was so long - Dr. didn't offer info re : how to set a family dr.
6:30 AM prime time to go to emergency
A blood test was taken in (unreadable) of 1 hour after I arrived at the hospital. Subsequently I waited 2 1/2 hours for results, but no nurse or doctor showed (unreadable) I left as my symptom had subsided Had a good experience!!
A child should never have to wait to see a doctor! We waited 3 1/2 hours with a baby that had a fever of 104 and were the only patients in the waiting room! Unacceptable!
A lot of the nurses took care of my husband before and when he died at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on XXXXXXXXXX. I really appreciate the doctors and nurses there
A nurse named XXXXXXXXXXXXX and Drs XXXXXXXX and XXXXX were excellent to me.
A very necessary, professional, well run emergency department. A great asset for the community.
Admit XXX PM - high BP w/ chest pain + troponin in blood - in emerg till XXXXXXXX PM waiting for bed XXXXXX PM -> head CT + stress test. I had edema (Undiagnosed @ time) Upon admission - which subsided prior to diagnostic due to extensive rest period + diet Cause of admission undiagnosed called isopathic, wished luck that it never been performed on arrival, could have change things drastically further hospital visits resulted
After arriving at the hospital emergency room by ambulance I was pushed into a waiting room where I waited for 2 hours and then told it may be another 4 to 6 hours before I could see a doctor. I then decided I would feel less uncomfortable at home and left the hospital with my wife who took me home. The only thing I got out of the visit was a bill for $45 dollars for the ambulance ride.
After being there for 3 hrs in waiting room, my chest pains stopped, so I went home
After consulting my dr the family health practice N.P sent me to emerg where they knew i ws coming (said NP) Triage nurse told me she knew nothing - (at 1:45 PM) It was about 4:30 PM before I was seen by another 2 RNs to repeat symptoms again Then a dr 1/2 hr later I left the ER after 8 PM.
After I was discharged, and still experiencing vertigo, I would have liked some assistance escorting me to my waiting vehicle. Because of covid regulations, my husband would not enter the hospital
After receiving horrible care @ XXXXXXXXXXXX, my husband suggested I go to XXXXXXXXXXX hospital he too recently paid XXXXXXXXXX hospital a visit after being frustrated with XXXX. XXXXXXXXXXX listened & provided care with empathy Thank you!
After waiting for 6 hours we were told it would be another 4 - 5 hours before we would even see the dr. so the nurse said it would be better to leave and go to a clinic
After you register no one talks to you until your name is called. They show you to a room and you sit again and wait
All good
All hospital staff were friendly and willing to help.
All is well!
All nurses and dr are very nice to me.
All of the nurses were helpful and had good personalities, wore masks; and gloves. The doctor i had was very thorough and answered all my questions.
All staff was extremely courteous and informative. Excellent experience.
All staff was very courteous and the wait time was low. I felt I had great care.
All staff were very kind and helpful
All the nurses were friendly & pleasant!! Thank you XX.
All the staff that I dealt with were very efficient comforting and personable.
All was good Good service Good care Vary polite Vary kind Thanks so much XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Also treated for infection under right thumb nail
Although the wait was long, the dept was very busy I was looked after appropriately considering there were a lot more serious issues than mine.
Always treated very good every time I go there. I only go to XXXXXXX as a last resort.
Ambulance transfer disorganized wasted 5 hrs.
An ultrasound should have been ordered and a script for an antibiotic
Antiquated lack of maintenance on equipment being used by patients. COVID being used by all nurses as a excuse. If I had to do it again I would commit suicide before entering those doors!!
Appreciated nurses making me aware of overnight BP etc. Also appreciated nurses getting me to bathroom. Impressed in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX care.
Appreciated the kindness and politeness of staff and the good meals that were served after admission
Appropriate testing was undertaken so am not faulting thoroughness of the staff just the attitude of the doctor towards my admitted drug use.
Arrival and check in for surgery went well but communication with paperwork to surgery floor was a disaster. Overall that part of the surgery process was very stressful adding onto stress already.
As a retired nurse who taught in a university setting, I was very pleased with the care that I got!
As an XXXX I worked at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX ICU (now XXXX) plus emerg. I would rate your service as 100% Many thanks.
As mentioned, I am having chemo for breast cancer. I had a high temp so I went to emergency & thought I might have a urinary tract infection plus high potassium. The urine sample showed I had an infection & was given meds My potassium was good.
As much as possible, this L.R. visit was prompt, decisive and pleasant.
As my issue occurred on a XXXXXXXX and into XXXXXX I visited the ER to ensure not a serious problem as on blood thinners and have a pacemaker. Normally I would have attended my physicians clinic and not bothered the ER.
As who earlier - 1 week to confirm diagnosis
Asked the nurse for a blanket. Thought she went to get it but she disappeared for an hour and a half. In the mean time a lab tech came to draw blood so I asked her. She got me a warm blanket immediately. The first nurse never did bring a blanket or even apologize for forgetting it.
At XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX when you get to Emergency Department, it is a guessing game who's next. There is no # to pull, you rely on other sick patients to tell you who's next line. That's my only complaint. Special mention to: male nurse "XXXXXXX" in Emerg. for awesome care.
Awesome care Exceptional staff
Awesome care. Doctor explained well the good & bad and what to expect in the next 6 mos. Highly recommend this hospital Nurses were kind and sympathetic!
Bad experience!!
Bad time of circumstances - bad time of year with many sick people around. Time of day did not help - on a XXXXXX - evening more staff onsite- having the nurse practitioners there was very helpful to be seen quicker - buts still long wait times
Because I was in extreme pain and because they had not let my husband come back to support me yet, I tried to articulate to the nurse that the name on my arm band was incorrect. She was abrupt & left quickly & it wasn't able the 2nd time I was insistent & she realized the mistake.
Because of my head injury and surgery, there is just too much that I can't remember, what I have answered are really guesses. Maybe a different patient would be more informative.
Because of treatment I do not go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX unless it's a last resort.
Bed sheets changed more help to toilet and walking
Before this time I was at the emergency dept in XXXXXXXXXXX for the same breathing problem, and before that, maybe a couple of years ago. At all times XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, emergency dept looked after me really well and was so thankful to move it there.
Being left alone in a room for 8 hours with only occasional checks in is unacceptable and just thinking it is mental health related because I was on meds is stupid.
Best department is in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX The worst is in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX).
Best doctor's and nurses I have ever had to deal with. Was a great experience, at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Way better than XXXXXXX emergency!
Best em. dept in the world.
Best experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX ER department
Best hospital stay ever
Best service I've ever had at this emergency room XXXXXXXXXXXXX it was very quiet there. Very pleasant staff
Best stay I've had in hospital ever
Better then XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Both doctors & nurses were the first to know what I was talking about when I told them what condition I had been diagnosed with years ago.
Broken shoulder caused extreme pain - anxiety and pain waiting for x-rays made the visit horrible - not the nursing
Brought in by ambulance after an accident. I don't know what was done for me other than strapped to a board & sent to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - where I was given something for pain
Called my family doctor, didn't want to send for an xray and wanted me to go to the hospital, but as per the doctors + nurses asked if I called my doctor first. Very disappointed with our family doctor not listening to my request! - Had to spend a full day at the hospital, for an xray! We understand COVID-19 has restrictions but for simply an xray for my issues - that he is well aware of it! He + his staff didn't listen to my request and had the nerve to hang up on me! Very disappointed with manners of our Doctor XXXXXX + staff!
Care is excellent Wait are much too long
Care was excellent - Had CT scan, blood work BP check-ups - Very high BP - possible stroke - Referred to Neurologist and TIA clinic. - Prescribed BP medicine.
Care was fine main frustration was the need to go to emergency for a fairly minor concern (PICC bine bleeding) and wait hours as an immune compromised chemo patient .. when actual care was maybe 5 mins.
Clean, friendly, addressed my mother who is XX with respect. Answered all my questions
Cleaner emergency room bathroom smelled of urine.
Clinician did not ask about any relevant family history, or offer follow-up care until my daughter pushed him to. He dismissed the issue but did not really explain why he thought it was not a problem; that would have put me at ease
Coming from XXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXX because my husband was told - I would be seen more promptly I was very satisfied with the overall care I received My paramedics were awesome. Thank you.
Compassionate staff - Immaculately clean
Condition was severe nose bleeds that could happen at anytime Dr did not seem too concerned.
Considering in short I could not breathe and was covered in hives. I felt I should have at least had oxygen. None offered 'till 6 hrs later
Considering the times with regards to Covid. It was good to see all protocols in place! Thank you!
Considering we are in COVID times I feel that my care was excellent. My only concern was the doctor really did not explain what my surgery was
COPD oxygen conjected heart problems pace maker
Could not ask for better care.
Could not get any nurse to come in to the beginning for pain; was not until the xray was done and they went to cast that I got pain meds strong enough to help with the broken bones. I felt they did not believe me had to flag someone down to find my nurse and still waited a while.
Couldn't be more pleased with the care given!
Courteous Quite explanatory Prior to any testing they ensured that I was the correct patient by asking name + date of birth.
Covid 19 screening excellent. Triage - excellent Admission - excellent Nurses - excellent Doctor's - bedside manner - perceived interest - poor.
Definitely needs improvement.
Did a great job
Did not expect the excellent care I received Hope I never need ER care again, but if I do, it will be at XXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
Did not like drs discussion with me but she referred me to a cardiologist on my insistence and I needed to be seen (now waiting for valve and bypass).
Did not see a doctor The nurse practitioner XXXXXXXXXX was very thorough, professional + provided excellent care As promised she completed a follow up call to me confirming her assessment of my x-ray with the radiologist. She did an excellent job on the sutures on an unusual spot on my thumb.
Didn't even see a doctor in emerg. only a nurse practitioner. Have had to see a doctor twice since that visit.
Didn't see a nurse from triage to leaving.
Discharge was horrendous Not even sure I could get into house! Was told I needed oxygen 24/7 ten minutes before I left! Thank god for XXXXXXX for coming same day to my house! Was told on several occasions that XXXX could not talk to us till I had a discharge date! Was told at 9:00 to leave hospital and was harassed because they needed my bed Even told they would sit me in a wheelchair till my husband arrived from his chemo treatment! Barely made it into house - need husband to lift leg and put it on step - was too weak to do on my own. The ICU unit terrified me One person was (unreadable) in isolation with just curtain divider Gowning up rarely observed and I would like to know how a curtain can contain germs I will beg ambulance drivers to take me to XXXXXXX!!
Do not admit by a person's age I am a young XX yr old woman and was in a room with another quite elder woman who did not speak one word the whole time I was there I walked the halls and noticed all the patients were quite elderly and most were bedridden This is very depressing.
Doctor and nurses were great.
Doctor on call did a great job on my 20 head staples
Doctor ordered morphine at about 4:55 PM for kidney stone pain at 6:15 PM still had not received the morphine and had to go out into the hall and get a nurse's attention Got pain medication at about 6:25 PM long painful wait
Doctor was excellent best, top notch actually looked at my blood + urine tests and diagnosed the problem.
Doctor was inconsiderate and I felt that he was simply annoyed with the situation zero bedside manners Nurses were fantastic they did more explaining and were more helpful the doc
Doctor was really insensitive. Didn't tell my son what was happening, just yanked on his eye with no warning. He did not treat my son as a person. Was not happy with his treatment of my son!
Doctors in admitting beds and doctors in emergency do not seem to work together. Lots of duplications and floors not in agreements with one another!
Doctors just stood in the doorway, did not come close. Just prescribed some pills to lower B.P. Prefer this hospital and stay. Wife got excellent care some time ago. Both of us contacted Covid on XXXXX. We have recovered, and were told to be clear by XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXX.
Doctors should have more freedom to order whatever the best test or methods to provide good healthcare! My experience suggest otherwise.
Doing a great job! I felt safe in emergency room
Don't let someone wait 5 hrs in real 10 out of 10 pain to see an actual doctor for 3 minutes who doesn't examine you and sens you home to take tylenol
Dope everything went great
Dr smelled of marijuana we think Small son vomited They left us in vomit room & nobody helped clean
Dr spent minimal time examining me I wondered if he was actually actively listening to me when I was telling him about my symptoms, he never explained why I was having trouble breathing even though my oxygen saturation was good + I had to ask dr if I should continue a new puffer I was on This I thought may be causing issues + if I should use some other puffers The test he ordered for me was helpful + explained why I was having issues breathing + why my family physician explained the results to me and changed my puffer The emergency doctor could have been more attentive with a better bedside manner He seemed preoccupied or busy
Dr was extremely friendly and knowledgeable Excellent service
Dr XXXXXX was great. Cared for all my son's needs
Dr XXXXXXX is a great surgeon and more importantly a wonderful and compassionate person. His office staff and P.A. XXXXXXX are also an amazing team. They made my ordeal easy by staying positive and keeping me positive. I owe them a great deal of thanks. The nursing staff also did a fantastic job. The only negative thing I can say is when I left the hospital I was not informed about what diet I should follow post surgery. That was a daily learning curve.
Dr XXXXXXXX very nice- informative etc
Dr XXXXXXXX was super
Dr. in Emerge. was with patient - had to call another dr. into hospital. Sat in room for 3 1/2 hours with IV port in my hand but no IV bag hooked up for pain control 3 1/2 hours later. Gall bladder attack passed I was sent home. Note. Had surgery 2 wks later with very inflamed gall bladder & lots of stones. I think they just forgot about me.
Dr. told me had a slight fracture of my shoulder. Doctor at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX told me my shoulder was shattered
Dr. was great + solved issue in matter of minutes. Better triage may have decreased length of visit as issue was not accurately despeciated @ triage level.
Dr. XXXX and the nurses on 2W made my experience of having my first child very good.
Dr. XXXXXX was an excellent doctor. I had never met him before and he made me feel like he had known me for quite a while. All the staff was excellent
Dr. XXXXXXX has been excellent very understanding. Took time time with me never felt rushed. His receptionist XXXXXXX is also excellent! Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was also excellent. He spent time going over everything. Before operation. He also made a point of visiting after to make sure all was ok Dr. XXXXXXX was also very good. Saw her once to staple me up.
Dr. XXXXXXXX was the doctor on call he was very professional and thoughtful. The nurses staff was also excellent. Great job.
Due to Covid 19 - my next of kin was not permitted to be in ER/my hosp room with me until the next day even though I had emergency surgery.
Due to covid, family and friends not allowed to visit, family couldn't be involved in decisions. Staff were excellent with my chronic medical conditions.
Due to the new computer system, the RN had lots of problems entering what my blood glucose was. - She had to ask another RN for help with the program - It took approx 25 min. for her to acquire my blood glucose Big problem as that was the reason I was there (sugar was dropping fast) - I was given some orange juice and granola bar - Still took time for glucose to go up
Due to the pandemic they probably short on staff.
During admitting I as bed for oxygen. Was when I've have test first Had bld work & x-ray - then sat in room for 3 1/2 hrs before the dr. came in. After had to wait for treatment & got oxygen only during the 5 min treatment (unreadable) 2 IV treatments (unreadable) oxygen I felt worse when I left than when I came in
During my stay here it was a long time between visits to check up on my current status there Ex) check on pain level
During my visit, I had a CT scan. I had back pain I could not stand up, walk or roll over I was in extreme pain. The emerg porter & CT tech assisted me in moving from the stretcher to the CT table it was extremely painful wouldn't it be a good idea if the CT dept had a transfer board like the ambulance attendants use? I can not stress enough how extremely painful it was for me to move back and forth between the stretcher & table
During the last 2 days of my hospital stay I had laboured breathing and should have been given a chest xray. Instead I was sent home with fluid in my lungs.
During this period of Covid 19 anxiety, having someone keep the ER waiting area & washroom disinfected would be a great idea Additionally, having triage assess the severity of each patient as opposed to first come first served, would be an improvement Having said those two things, I would like to thank & commend the hospital staff for the amazing work they do As a general rule, they treat patients with genuine care & patience regardless of how they are treated These people truly are heroes & should be treated as such
Elderly XX
Emergency Dept. has become more efficient, care is great. Doctors, nurses are doing a wonderful job. Thank you.
Emergency physician had an angry and rude demeanor towards myself and other patients from where I could hear By far the worst experience
Emergency staff seemed bored with the worst problem I've ever had, like they are immune to any patients reaction. If so, they need to change departments from time to time. Reminders should be given to all hospital staff how humans should be treated when they are ill. I have worked in a hospital for almost XX yrs & I hope I don't come across as a stone wall like the nurse I came across that evening. My behaviour was strange & abnormal as a result of a medication reaction. The only thing I feel that saved me was a unit clerk on duty who I started kindergarten with me & told me she tried to explain to the staff that my behaviour was not normal for me. I think if she wasn't there that evening I would have left because I couldn't control my behavior. My spouse had no effect on the staff either. I felt embarrassed & humiliated at how I was treated. I work with a physician who worked in this ER & quit! He claimed nursing staff was extremely slow & spent too much time complaining or socializing. I'm angry to think this is our community ER. I have been in other ERs. The staff needs to be watched as to how they do their work (for a while) there is always room for improvement - All staff in ER should be watched (not always) from time to time & without their knowledge. Then this survey may be useful. Things will NEVER change in XXXXXXXXXXXXX if this isn't done. They should be held accountable for their work & their words. I really hope things change because I want to be proud of our community ER.
Entering I was prepared to die. Thank you for all help from staff, I am truly grateful, god bless this hospital
ER doctor did a good follow up with phone and specialist appointments.
ER excellent doctor, care & super kudos to my nurse XXXX. She is simply amazing!! ICU floor, excellent staff. Everyone including nurses to housekeeping fantastic!! Big complaint. I have coverage for a private room & I couldn't get it. The lady that spoke to me said they were keeping it empty in case an isolation case came in, it didn't. My wife was told it would be too much of a hassle to move me if they would need the bed for someone else, she would check on me next day, she never came. I was in hosp for 5 days & the room was empty the 1st 5 days I couldn't leave my room. My room had no bathroom & I couldn't walk out to the hall for the bathroom (my OS rate dropped to 82-84% every time I tried) so I peed in a jug for 4 days. I was told by staff she was difficult to deal with & they were right. The staff did their very best to keep my jug clean & emptied, but it would have been nice to have my own bathroom. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXX PS (My only complaint you guys rock)
Even though I was so sick the doctors did a good job. Nurses were great Cleaning people are great for cleaning.
Every one was so kind and caring.
Everybody body is doing a excellent JOB.
Everyone in the emergency department was very professional, kind, and empathetic! Every time I have went in I had a good experience. Every time I left I was fully informed about my health issues. Please keep up the great work, it's what sets this hospital apart from the rest! Thank you!
Everyone involved did their job well
Everyone was friendly and professional. The smiles and little bits of humour were so calming and welcoming! XX
Everyone was kind and compassionate. The ambulance attendants were great! I felt like I was in the company of competent individuals
Everyone was very caring. The nurse practitioner was very thorough & caring as well. In XXXX, I was in the E.R. twice & both times was treated very well & the doctors were thorough with x-rays, ultrasounds etc & patient comfort. Average time was 1-3 hours. Really no complaints.
Everyone was very kind and helpful, thank you for all you do.
Everyone were in the moods during pandemic all were very nice!
Everything was great other than the wait with my child
Everything was great.
Everything was great. Food was good. Everyone was very friendly!
Everything went well. I had good ambulance drivers, nurses, and doctors. It changed my mind about XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX because I was used to check in XXXXXXXXXXXX
Everything went well. I was in good care. Very pleased with my overall treatment. Thank you
Exam room was dirty with blood on the floor. Refused to enter and housekeeping was called. Woefully understaffed Attending doctor was present for a very short time and not very kind Surgeon was very informative and patient. Explained everything
Exceeded expectations Care was efficient. Overall excellent experience
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent - admitting nurse and on duty doctor and other staff were all professional.
Excellent and immediate care. I was admitted & had surgery. No other emerg dept I had attended cared or did anything for me. Very impressed with staff and Dr. XXX - surgeon and emerg dept nurses
Excellent care - quick to see triage nurse - somewhat delayed in seeing the doctor but overall a good experience. Thanks so much for the quality of care provided!
Excellent care all around. Treated with respect all the way. Thanks to all on duty at the time. Thank you all so much.
Excellent care and understanding Love the nurses that took extra great care! I thank them all. Better understanding of the triggers of pancreatitis!
Excellent care from nurses & doctor.
Excellent care with follow up in a timely manner
Excellent care with XXXXX (nurse) thank you
Excellent care Would recommend (unreadable) for any emergency care - Happy to get a referral right away - to a specialist within two weeks!!! Thank you.
Excellent care!!
Excellent care. Long wait.
Excellent Covid 19 precautions
Excellent department but should reduce waiting time a little.
Excellent experience Well organized facility and staff. Compassionate and very competent staff
Excellent hospital
Excellent hospital as needed for our community!
Excellent staff and I would choose same hospital again if I have a future need. Thanks to all
Excellent very very good
Excellent visit. Clean hospital. Much better experience compared to XXX in XXXXXXX.
Excellent, nothing negative to say.
Extreme pain - sciatica spasm unable to move RT leg - x rays day b4 showed problems - unable to get new MRI due to Covid - Very caring staff & XXXXXXXXX during my stay.
Extremely friendly and courteous not only do they listen to you they actually hear you and understand the problem
Extremely noisy dept especially caused by patients and/or their families using cells for calls + texts that had "nothing" to do with the medical situation they where in. Social calls, laughter etc. Very annoying we had to close the door for quiet + rest Someone needed to tell them to quiet their phones (vibrate) + keep conversations low this is a hospital + emerg dept It sad people have to be told this but unfortunately some do!
Fantastic care as always! Kudos to the entire staff!
Fantastic service Care was perfect Nurses were caring, understanding + kind
First class treatment
First come first serve? Should go on basis of injury. In my case when I needed multiple stitches for XXXXX when I cut thumb on table saw. Need to see plastic surgeon -
First time to this facility - good experience.
First visit to emerg was not properly diagnosed. My doctor brother-in-law asked for further help before my third visit to emerg - one other (unreadable) - third visit was (unreadable) + blood test showed pancreatitis. Blood test could have found that on my first visit to emerg
Fix the wait time in the emergency dept
Food a bit to be desired tea & coffee not hot
Food was adequate.
Food was good. Satisfied and comfortable with my stay.
For one of my xrays I had to wait much too long to go back to my room. I was weaned from oxygen before going home. THe following week I ws on oxygen 24/7 from the ER. I had not been told this could happen before leaving hospital after discharge.
For the most part staff were friendly, but some are miserable. I get they are busy, but they could be a little kinder. They are in the medical field!
Found service very good complainents should be ashamed. They must be whiners.
From ER I was in then in hospital for 7 days
From XXXXXX - XXXXX there were a few days that I didn't know what was going. Also the hosp lost my full length house coat, PJ & dress. Not good XXXXXX - XXXXX some nurses were rude. XXXXXXXXXXX The nurses were awesome That housecoat was a gift from my husband I will never forgive the hosp for losing it
Give your night nurses a nice pill!
Glad we have an emergency dept.
Good care
Good care
Good care - I was admitted for 3 days.
Good care was provided - it is different no matter what your illness to wait any length of time
Good job especially compared to pure chaos in XXXXXXX.
Good people at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Thank you.
Good place to be if necessary
Got involuntarily committed, threaten by OPR's, was given an involuntarily knock out shot. Got shipped to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Campus for 8 days. Worst experience in my life - might sue hospital shortly. I believe I should be compensated for this horrible treatment and undignified treatment, if not I shall contact a good lawyer and launch a civil lawsuit! I am very angry about the disrespect I was treated. These medical people know nothing about compensation and trying to be empathetic treatment. This is more than 4 times I have been at XXXXXXXXXXX it is the absolute worse hospital care I have ever received in my XX years. XXXXXXXXXXXX
Got treated very good.
Great ER department Thank you!
Great nurses on 2 east overall great
Great people
Great people they work very hard ER people and doctors are great. From, XXXXXXXXXXX
Great service by all hospital staff!
Great staff but there are too few nurses and doctors for the volume of patients.
Great staff First day I was there waited 9 hrs Next time pretty quick Time after 5 hours
Great staff Good meals Needed better communication with getting patient to alternate hospital for tests - Ambulance transportation late - Family left feeling uninformed where and when patient would arrive and discharge
Great staff, wonderful kind nurses. Best bedside manner by doctors and surgeon Excellent food. Very good treatment. Made a very bad experience a good one I am very thankful & lucky for them all.
Great teamwork Awesome staff
Had a great experience + would recommend this hospital to any one who needs medical care.
Had excellent care from both doctors & nurses and other hospital staff.
Had excellent care given prescription and sent home XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Had to wait for tests to be done so dr would know what I needed for dr to treat me
Have always had a good experience visiting XXXX.
Having a nurse check on patients during long waits in the initial waiting area would be comforting we need more urgent care centers that can do diagnostics (x-ray, CAT scams. etc.) to reduce wait times in the emergency room
Having a volunteer worker or hospital aid in the emergency waiting room to provide warm blankets to those of us bleeding and cold would have been a much needed comfort with such a long '10 hour' wait to see a doctor.
Having gone to emergency for antibiotic IV's for 3 consecutive days I found the nurses and staff to be attentive and considerate but 2 of the 3 on call doctors were not. Thankfully XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX office was held at the hospital and on my fourth consecutive day of antibiotic IV's I was fortunate to receive their care and instruction on a very timely structures appointment. They were awesome! I attended another round of antibiotics IV's and weekly dressing changes with instructions on daily care to my wound for another 5 weeks I don't believe I could have managed another 7 visits in emergency for the same treatment. So I was happy to have access to this clinic
Having to stay in ER overnight due to lack of beds on floor was not the most pleasant or comfortable situation E.R. personnel have enough to do without attending to on young care.
Health care needs to operate as a service (we pay for) and as such, treat all "customers" with respect, dignity + the best possible service. Was the only person walking at 5 am - docs + nurses standing around chatting, laughing - no real regard for any level of customer service
Hire more nurses
Hospital very old and is all repair Family tried to explain mothers rapid decline but she was released w/ no diagnosis or even speculation of what was wrong In retrospect we believe she was having multiple TAs
Housekeeping was amazing all staff were friendly and very helpful. The rooms were clean. Nurses were very helpful, friendly, and some when above their normal job. There was one nurse his name was XXX - he deserved recognition for his excellent care. The nurses in CCU were very caring God bless them all.
How the doctor pull the needle out was not nice. He try to rip it off I got a big blood bump The good thing was that they put my shoulder back in place Thank you very much!
I "XXXXXXXXX" is his wife. XXXXX is a dementia patient and I filled the survey because everything about the hospital was all directed to me, also caregivers + POA to him. Thanks XXXXXXXXX
I all truth I knew I was having a attack when I collapse the ambulance my concept of time really don't recall. I do know the care was good - as I felt OK and not alarmed with actions taken - having had a heart attack before the length in the ER before admission can't recall - I know blood work is done and repeated to determine if you had a heart attack. I know 6 sprays of nitro given by the ambulance 1 spray took myself at home. 3 sprays in my home given by ambulance attendants. 3 more sprays given in the ambulance on the way to the hospital. Nitro does effect me with my thinking & recall. I guess - I know I must say thank you - to everyone in the ER and God blessing to all - as I am still here.
I am a heart patient, and have all ways receive prompt care. How ever my last visit was for a bladder infection, the attention I needed was not that urgent, but it was satisfactory.
I am a retired white steel worker. I have always had heavy lifting jobs + was forced into retirement when I was XX due to my back issues + pinched nerves in my neck. The fact I am white shouldn't make a difference in this questionnaire + I'm insulted you asked.
I am an elderly lady and I find some blds extremely cold with air conditioning. Yours is one of them at that time.
I am diabetic and several times I asked for a small snack but was just ignored. On XXXXXXX I had surgery in XXXXXXX I went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX because of severe headaches, just to be sent home with nothing done (test, etc) Approximately one week later I went by ambulance to XXXXXXXXXX and found out I had a CFS fluid leak and was also sepsis! The dr there told me I was very ill and could've died.
I am filling this out as a parent. My daughter is XXXXX and suffered a fracture on her growth plate. We waited 3 hours in the waiting room with her screaming in pain pretty much the whole time. A nurse came out 2 hours in to the wait and gave her Tylenol which made her fall asleep eventually. Once in a bed we were sent for another x-ray of the good leg (bad leg was done upon arrival) because the doctor couldn't tell (hear this is common with growth plates). At this point we were there for 5 hours at which the doctor informed us that there was no radiologist to read the scans (It was XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX ... but It's a 24 hour hospital ... ??). So, the doctor told me to take her home and they would call us once the radiologist was available again. At 10:30 (3 1/2 hours later) I called there and was told they would call me right back. 5 minutes later I received a call and was informed that they don't know what happened and that the report was there and that they must have missed it. I was then informed that it was fractured and that we needed to bring her back in so it could be stabilized (she was sleeping). I brought her back to the hospital and waited an hour before the doctor came in to put a temporary cast on it and was then informed to take her to the fracture clinic at 5:45 am in XXXXXXX (an hour away) ... it was after midnight at this point and much later once I got her home and settled in. In my opinion: We should have had things read by 7 pm that night. The wait was one thing but the fact that there was no one available to do a vital job is unacceptable. We should have never been sent home without a temporary cast put on. She could have caused more damage in the 3 hours! Once we went to the fracture clinic in XXXXXXX things were much better and we have had great care there. Sad to say that although I wish to support our small community local hospital my family like everyone else deserve top notch care and if that means making an hour drive to get it then that is what we will be doing moving forward.
I am grateful for the care that I received. The team was professional and very efficient. They made me feel very taken care of in a time of crisis and trauma for me Everyone was very kind.
I am happy with the amount of testing that was given to me. To ride anything out. They didn't blow me off, they gave me a private room so I could sleep I was very grateful.
I am her daughter who was not @ hospital when my mother was sent to emergency from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX with severe stomach cramps & vomiting. No meds were given & I was told if she gets worse to bring her back to hospital. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX POA
I am satisfied with all of my visits to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I am so grateful for the care of the nurses while I was in hospital. We moved from XXXXXXX in XXXX. In big city hospitals you can feel "lost". There was much better and quicker care in your smaller care center Thank you, XXXXXXX
I am so thankful that we have our local hospital, had 2 CT's lately excellent care every time! The very best.
I am so thankful to have a hospital in my community
I am the parent of XXXXXXXXXXXX. I just wanted to say that the wait was too long. Way too long.
I am very satisfied of service received
I am XXXXXXXXXXXXXX's daughter. I completed this survey on his behalf as my dad passed away on XXXXXXXXXXX. All discussions regarding his health and condition was through me as my dad had dementia, heart failure & kidney failure at the time. My dad wasn't aware he was dying. XXXXX said all this. I have say the staff on the 2nd floor were absolutely awesome and caring throughout the ordeal. When my dad passed away they gave me time with him & arranged everything to help me & the funeral home bring him back to XXXXXXX for burial next to my mom. Myself & my family are very grateful for the help, patients compassion & understanding at that difficult time. Thank you. XXXXXXXXXXXX
I answered questions pertaining to visit in ER on XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXX
I answered these to the best of my ability. I gave birth and didn't go through the emergency department I was induced due to high blood pressure at 39 weeks of pregnancy and everything was great.
I arrived at about 5:00 AM. There were only two patients ahead of me therefore we were taken care of quickly. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I arrived at emergency after having a catheter removed by my urologist earlier in the day. My urologist performed a procedure to remove a bladder stone. After the urologist removed the catheter, I felt the urge to urinate - but couldn't. I was panicking. Fortunately, my issue was not the ability to urinate - the feeling was result of the surgery. Upon examination by the nurse, there was 90 CC of urine in my bladder which was not an issue. Nevertheless, the nurse did catheterize me and I left with the catheter installed. The only issue that I have is if someone comes to emergency with this kind of issue, it should be addressed immediately as damage to an overfilled bladder can occur - including potential kidney damage. The nurses did the best they could - After registering, I believe it was about 15 minutes before I was seen, I did not see a doctor (by choice).
I asked for a warming blanket Didn't receive one
I asked to send a stool sample for analysis to determine what type of infection I had. One week later I was informed that they had lost it I had to submit a second sample and I'm still waiting for results Not a pleasant experience
I attended the ER because I had a horrible chest cough/feeling, that I believed I was developing some sort of bronchitis lung. My husband was there to visit his mother, so I decided to see what could be done for me in ER. I did not stay to complete the assessment because my husband was finished - so I didn't stay. I don't usually attend to ER for health issues as I described, but wait for a dr appt or clinic. As it turned out, my chest issue was not what I thought & resolved in a few days but the cough lingered a number of weeks. Not bacterial as I thought but viral. XXXXXXXXXXXX
I believe anyone over XX should be let lie down rather than sit in a chair half the night so they could be a little more comfortable. It is very hard for older people to have to sit up in a chair when they are not well. It is very sad.
I believe ER drs take too long getting back to patients with information regarding tests resulting in long line ups in the ER.
I believe I have Lyme Disease + not one health care service has had it ruled out even though they are at a loss to say when I'm in such dire straights.
I believe if I had told the nurse I had bariatric surgery when I first came in My stay in emerg would have been shorter & I might have had my surgery sooner
I believe my 2nd day's stay was the result of a miscommunication between the floor and attending dr. possibly caused by my move from my original room to the maternity floor so as to make the bed available for other patients that were not as mobile as I was by then end the first day My conversation the first full day (after the first night) seemed to indicate that I was well enough to go hom - unfortunately my move cause some confusion and I was only on the 2nd full day at approx 8 PM that I located the attending dr. to ask if I could go home - He was not aware I was still in the hospital I understand how this may have occurred The dr. was very kind and apologetic for the overnight and immediate acted to correct the problem and get me on my way - I was very impressed with the EMS team emergency room and floor nurses and dr. and all others that helped me quickly and respectfully Thank you
I believe this ED is one of the best there is! Especially like to commend the radiology department for their care and vigilance.
I came to the ED 2 days after my first visit as per request of a follow up from the front doctor. I had pneumonia and it hadn't improved. After blood work and xray, I felt what might have been a minor stroke. The doctor laughed at me and made fun of my mental health. My mother was with me and was very disgusted as was I about the care we received We left with more questions and concerns then when we come We wont go back there any time soon!
I can see online the # in (unreadable). Long wait time for XXXX ins.
I did get bit with a stick on the nose and had a lot of pain but the doctor said it was ok and I am also ok with that, thanks.
I did not see a doctor. After waiting for x-ray results the nurse practitioner gave me a prescription for the apparent infection I had.
I did this for my husband, knowing some answers and how we were treated. He has passed.
I didn't have to wait long this time! I got good help very fast and I am very thankful for it! May god richly bless you all and give you wisdom to take care for the sick!
I do not like hospitals. I thank god for them and the people in charge of patient care excellent! Professional care. When I do have a need I know where to go.
I don't have any idea, thanks for everything.
I don't think my bed was ever made by a nurse (only by myself + friends My food was left in small adjoining room I couldn't reach it, most of the time was cold, (kitchen's fault)
I entered the hospital in anticipation of a specific procedure which was not required as the condition resolved itself during my stay I passed gallstones Thank you!
I feel I should have had more tests, (CT scan) considering the severe symptoms I had, involving my head.
I feel our emergency dept is very good with seniors
I feel that if what symptoms that I was having light headed, dizzy, only felt good if I was laying down with my eyes closed, that they were of diagnosed me with Vertigo, that my family doctor did I would of left the hospital with a medication that would of helped me
I feel that once the nurses have accessed you, you wait hours to see a doctor. No one comes in to see how your doing while still waiting to see the doctor.
I feel the RN are very well efficient + professional + knowledgeable Some RPN were very much standing around talking
I feel the staff, nurses, and doctors do the best they can. Stress needs to be reduced for these special important people. Something must be done consider the amount of aging baby boomers and immigrants. We are in desperate shape!
I fell; had a laceration to my head requiring a few stitches. It only took a few minutes of a Dr's time to do yet I waited 4 hrs. Couldn't minor problems be solved a little earlier? Thank God I am a healthy person
I felt dignity and very assured with regards to my treatment. Outstanding!!
I felt I didn't receive enough direction on how to resolve my condition. We ended up going back again the next day due to increased pain.
I felt I was being taken care of Thank you.
I felt I was discharged early, I felt "hurried" to get a ride & go home! I know at the time I was discharged the bed and room were badly needed.
I felt my stay was rushed I was in a great deal of pain as I do not tolerate pain med well (makes me sick) and was sent home regardless shortly following surgery.
I felt that I was looked at in a timely manner. Especially because there was only 1 other person waiting.
I felt that received excellent care. No problems.
I felt the hospital staff was very concerned with my health. They kept checking the test results and they always let me know the results of my tests. They were very friendly and always made me feel good about the care they were giving me.
I felt very safe and well cared for My hernia was repaired quickly after being in severe pain for over six weeks - thank you!
I find the nurses there are really friendly & easy to get along with. Hospitals need to be cold for the germs but it is absolutely freezing in there in summer making it uncomfortable. I have speech problems & nurses are very patient.
I found it to be rather informal and if you got care right away fine if not when they got around to it
I Found some nurses to be excellent and caring, others not so much , I suffered from ICU Delirium while I was in the hospital , I do not seem to have suffered and effects from that after my release, but I did see some patients ignored at times, I know their job is not easy, and on the most part some are better suited than others, I guess you can say that about any job, some are better
I found the female dr to be excellent as well as the female nurses. I found the male nurse abrupt. The receptionist + end care people were professional + kind. I would recommend the Dept.
I found the triage nurse to be very disinterested, unsympathetic, and short tempered However, dr. + nurse who took care of me were excellent!
I go into the emergency department every 3 weeks for a infusion. The answers I gave was for a time I was in for my health and not an infusion. I am treated top notch for my infusions.
I go to get an infusion for pain every 2 weeks Always great care + completed in a timely manner + well treated by staff
I go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX once/mn for IV pain therapy, these are preregistered apts
I got excellent care even during this Covid-19.
I had 3 drains after a double mastectomy, none of the nurses used sterle technique when emptying my drains. They need training.
I had a car accident but nobody seem to listen the wheel caught my gut. The last Dr noticed a lump. On the right side of my stomach. It hurts when I cough. (Sometimes) 2 days. After the accident I get cellulitis. Everything from my belt line down swallowed up.
I had a good experience. Nurses & drs were very informative. My only bad experience was waiting 4 hrs in emergency. Waiting even before being seen due to a high volume of patients.
I had a heart attack and the physical care was great I was not at all prepared for the anxiety (new for me) that I am dealing with now.
I had a horrible triage nurse named XXXXXXX. He rated my pain level FOR ME. He did not offer me medication when I was in pain. I passed outside the door and was told I needed to be next and he took other people. I not only will be doing this survey but I will be putting in a complaint with the college of nursing
I had a phone but no one told me I had to dial 9 to get to outside line. I am XX years old and many people my age would not know that.
I had a sewing machine needle go through my nail, through my entire finger and it was poking out the bottom he didn't help clean the wound he didn't do anything he didn't bandage it or anything Dr. XXXXXXXX came into my "treatment" area, asked if I had an up to date tetanus shot, since I did, he said "you're fine, you had a tetanus shot, you can go home" The throbbing pain was going up towards my knuckle my finger nail was missing a tiny piece, it was actively bleeding again he couldn't even see the wound due to blood being in the way an unsterilized needle went through my finger and there was no concern for cleaning it or future infection taking place? How much did this lack of any medical care visit cost? Absolutely disgusted that the wound wasn't cleaned or at lease the blood moved out of the way to see the wound! How can any human let another human leave bleeding from a dirty wound? What do I do if it gets infected? What should I be aware of? Puss? Fever? Infection? Also, I was surrounded by patients without mask. One was an elderly lady no coughing the other lady was an actively vomiting everywhere on the ground, in the hall, in the air in front of treatment area no barrier wall the staff yelled at her "did you take drugs?" "what did you take?" "there's no way you have heat stroke!" It went on. They were not in a room, they did not triage her yet they said and they were going to put her in "recess" she continued to excessively vomit in front of me I don't know if she was contagious, but she was definitely putting germs all over my treatment area where I did not get any treatment.
I had a very good experience in the hospital I was treated with respect and given all the care I needed.
I had an abscess tooth. My face was swollen & was in pain I phoned first and spoke to a nurse practitioner & asked how my visit would be the said to come right away I did and saw her in around 15 minutes I was sent to a specialist and had 5 more visits. I was very happy with my experience.
I had an excellent dr. who took his time with me and answered all my questions
I had an excellent stay & would recommend it to everone!!
I had been taking chemo for 8 months and on a new series of chemo: - I had flu like symptoms on the this day and a fever for which I went to emerge - as well as feeling quite ill. My main complaint was the long wait before attention was given to me, and finally had a place to be down.
I had cut my hand at home they got the bleeding to stop and glued me up and I was good to go.
I had injured my back and after 2 hours sitting in the waiting room, I left, because I couldn't sit anymore. Mothers with little children had been there 4 - 6 hours and had not been seen so I knew I could not wait that long.
I had major surgery. My hospital stay was 6 days. From the moment I stepped through the doors this hospital was amazing! Nurses and doctors are great!
I had one beer dr did not believe me with 70 on blood level I was disoriented confused my XX yr son called EMS. They took my blood an recommended detox even though I had indicated kidney & liver issues in past year I am no seeing specialist from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I spent $90 for a cab to get home. That's a expensive blood test LOL.
I had pneumonia in both lungs. I could of died & nearly did if the dr & nurses had not been so very diligent with their treatments XXXXXXXX
I had severe pain (sharp) in my chest that wouldn't go away. In the hospital I only had one.
I had sudden floater in my eye. Wanted to know if there was retinal damage. I waited 4 hours & gave up and left.
I had the most courtesy & respect from both doctors & nurses.
I had to go back to ER after home nurse failed to show to give me penicillin pump had an awful experience in ER. That night with ER, MD who refused to see me or to allow staff to give me the IV and medicine that had been prescribed
I had very good care Nurses were friendly & kind The Dr. was very considerate & helped me a lot Recommend them very highly. (But my room was cold)
I had very good experience. They were great to me.
I had x ray. The attendant was a big rough. I am a senior - XX yrs.
I happened to go to emerg on a holiday long weekend. There was only 1 doctor working and no actual nurse, had only a nurse's assistant, so the wait was longer than usual, ahrd to believe especially on a long weekend, such short staffed.
I have a very high respect of all the doctors and nurses that care for me. I wouldn't be here now if it wasn't for the doctors, nurses and EMS.
I have always been treated with respect and with a smile from the doctors, nurses.
I have always had a good experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Sometimes I had to wait 6-8 hrs in emergency but I understand ambulances are first to be waited on.
I have always wondered about the purpose of triage - as it does not seem to speed things up - separating the minor problem (some thought) and having them seen immediately - therefore making less wait time for others more serious
I have asthma and was having chest pain breathing - so I was concerned - I was diagnosed with a bronchial infection - bronchitis - I went in at 6pm I left at midnight, then returned at 6am to find out those results Because I was so tired. (I'm XX years old) - only to be told to take my asthma meds. And I also had a very deep whooping - like cough that I almost passed out from for the last week or so. Also many ambulances were directed from XXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXX that night. That pushed those of us waiting back tot he end of the line each time one arrived.
I have been to this hospital several times and have always received good care. I've never had a complaint.
I have bipolar 1, ADHD, I weigh just over 200 lbs and I have anxiety most of the time. I feel tired most of the time and I get blood work results back to see if my thyroid is off. It is recommended that I get a 3D echo and a stress test.
I have CIDP chronic inflammatory dehydration polyradiculoneuropathy a neurological condition and I should not have been prescribed CIPRO - the side effects of CIPRO demonstrate that it is evil and poisonous! Created additional damage to tendons and muscles affected by CIDP. Any patient with a neurological or immune disorder will suffer badly from CIPRO Bad stuff!!
I have fibromyalgia pain. I do stretches recommended by a physiotherapist. Also have regular chiropractic and massage treatments. The treatment at the E.R. is a KEY component in my ability to continue working at my jobs.
I have had cancer and now ongoing complications re blood transfusion for low hemoglobin Always get 100% care other than the visit @ this XXXXXXXXXX hospital visit I was left for 2 hours alone, cold, thirsty with no interaction or update No eye contact except for the male nurse who finally gave me the transfusion. He was very apologetic. I felt ashamed to use the emerg room for help the way the staff made me feel.
I have not been in emergency that much, but they need a better way of taking everyone in. They need a number system so that a patient, knows they are not forgotten. It would help some of the anger and frustration!!! Which then is put on the staff - there needs to be a display I realize that some cares are much more urgent than others. XX.
I have nothing but the highest regard for the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX from XXXXXXXXX to present I have visited the emerg. dept for a heart problem twice - AF & fast hear rate XXXXXXXXXXXX
I have ongoing pain therapy at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX once/month My ancestry shouldn't mean anything to you, only that I am not discriminated when I go to your hospital!! The nursing staff + doctors are excellent people + very courteous Thanks.
I have received the best care possible, I prefer this hospital to all others, they have treated me better than I ever expected Thank you XXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I have severe Crohn's Disease and my emergency visits are due to extreme abdominal pain from a bowel blockage or semi-blockage caused by my disease. This last visit I had to wait over 2 1/2 hrs before being called in to emergency itself. Too long in waiting room with severe pain. I never go to emergency unless my pain level is a 10 on scale of 1-10.
I have to wait for a doctor to come into emergency. If we got in around 11 at night We have to wait until a doctor comes in around 12.00 AM (not all the time)
I have vasovagal syncope and Dr. XXXXXX & nurse XXXXXXXX were very, very attentive to this I was able to endure 5 stitches in my face without making an episode. The were amazing and I appreciate their care.
I hope the hospital can stay the way it is.
I just moved from XXXXXXXX to XXXXX. I was very impressed with my care from Dr. XXXXXXXX and all the nurses. I have a bowel bleeding and he was very through even got me a CAT scan, an appointment for colon exams with Dr. XXX my results is colitis. Thank you all.
I kept on nurses after 6 hours of sitting is waiting room, finally was called in and nurses and drs had wrong chart for me Took 2 more hours to treat me
I know it's not the hospital complete fault but more funding needs to be provided for our health care. The wait time is terrible.
I left on my own after triage nurse checked my bite XXXXXXXXXXXX
I liked how they have the side area to see less urgent patients. I got seen quicker because of this.
I need full assistance transferring from w/c to bed and bed to w/c. The lift was process was very difficult and the staff not being as familiar as was necessary (Transferred with great difficulty)
I never received a wash basin to wash my hands and face!
I no longer have a family doctor so I needed to return to the Emergency department for follow-up. I was not happy about having to travel to the XXXX clinic in XXXXXXX every day for a week after the XXX care at my home and then weekly after that until my abscess had healed. I had a similar abscess 20 years ago and was able to get my follow-up care at XXXX which was more convenient and less expensive for travel because the XXXX clinic was more than 100 km per round trip. I was happy with the care at XXXX and at the XXXX clinic but I did not appreciate having to travel so far to receive it. I also am unable to find a family doctor since mine retired abruptly.
I only saw a doctor after 8 hours of horrible pain then they were able to give me meds. Only one doctor on call, very slow. Nurses were amazing and helpful. We need more doctors!!! Shouldn't have to suffer with excruciating pain for several of hours.
I only stay in hospital 5 hours and I go home And doctor gave me oxycocet pill to go home to take.
I pray that all doctors would learn from the doctor that treated my mom (just hours before she passed away) and that they would never say to them that "their condition is not an emergency to do a CT scan" then send them home and then they pass away only hours after they are told this! I (we as a family) are so completely devastated! You are very lucky that (1) We do not belive in suing people because god will take care of everything please tell doctors to investigate more when a person is coughing up pure blood not to just send them home to die like they did my mom! I feel that they completely failed my mom at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on XXXXXXX 4pm they sent her home to die overnight at 3:30am! We are completely torn over losing her I hope that in the future this would never happen again! Please help people, do your best and seek answers when you see bright red blood that she was coughing up!
I really felt like it was a waste of time. Almost 6 hours. Had better success seeing my family doctor the next day.
I received 2 of these because I ended up twice in 2 wks in XXXX. I had pneumonia & then broke my hip BOTH times I had excellent care & could not ask for better! The best hospital you could ask for!! Thanks, XXXXXXXX
I received excellent care
I received excellent care!
I received excellent care. I am thankful that I have this facility to go to in an emergency. As far as I'm concerned staff is the cream of the crop!
I received excellent service at our emerg on XXXXXXXXXX when I suffered at XXX - I realize that the nurses are overworked but the nurse on duty forgot to take the IV port out of my arm before I was released to go home. When I got home & took it out, not realizing that it was attached to a vein, it bled all over my clothes & the floors.
I received kind, caring competent care
I sat from 7:00 PM to 1:00 AM in the waiting room (6 hours) in my house cast - barfing in a container. People came in and were waited on before me. Apparently I was not sick enough. I should have taken an ambulance. I could have laid down. I was really sick.
I saw a nurse practitioner she was excellent.
I saw a triage nurse very quickly Actually, got to a room quickly. It was after seeing the Emerg. Nurse that things slowed to a crawl. Very long wait to see the doctor Overall very happy with care.
I saw XXXXXXXXXX the nurse practitioner in the clinics in ER She did an amazing job, was very professional, knowledgeable and provided top notch care would like to express my thanks to her, definitely an asset to your ER
I sent a letter to XXXXXXXXX outlining my patient experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX from XXXXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Surgery was performed on XXXXXXXXX and all subsequent visits to this hospital were a result of an infection that formed in my left breast. At times care was exceptional and at other times not so great. If you require any further information please let me know.
I shared a room with another patient. He tested positive for covid. I was told this & they immediately isolated me to a private room & they tested me for covid Fortunately I resulted negative The staff acted quickly and professionally & always explained the situation to stay isolated at home until I got my covid test back. All went well Thank you. XX.
I stayed in the emergency pretty much overnight waiting for a CT scan, the room I was in was very cold and I basically stayed on a stretcher type emergency bed unable to turn or otherwise. I had to wear my coat under some blankets that were provided at my request. I must say I did arrive at the hospital very unprepared for the extended stay and my spouse delivered the necessary items the following day. Please, my only concern with the temperature of the room that could not be adjusted, no other problems, all staff were excellent.
I thank the health care provider for providing all necessary assistance and attention to the patient and I thank all the nurses XXXXXXXXXXXX
I think Dr. XXXXXX is an outstanding dr. He goes above & beyond. He took the time to explain everything to me in a very clean way. He even called me at home to see how I was doing.
I think if yes had a small user fee it would help a lot too make it more efficient sometimes.
I think it's a shame the way my daughter was treated. We came in at 9 pm and didn't walk out of the door till 3 am the next day. She had a big wound on her head with blood all over her hair and face. When eventually a male nurse stapled the wound, he hit one staple right INTO the wound instead of over it. When I mentioned this to him, he simply trivialized it, waived it away. This nurse was not qualified for his work, neither is the management of this hospital. I've been there before with one of my other children, with the same result. He had a cut in his forehead that needed to be glued. After this the doctor put a small bandage over the wound but he did this lengthwise instead of across the wound in order to hold the skin closely together. A doctor of all things. And also a very long waiting time, more than 4 hours. This hospital is a shame for the year we live in. Is that what I pay my taxes for?
I think the only problem with the visit was the length of time to finally see the doctor. I was in a room by myself, not on a monitor and wasn't even checked in on very often.
I think when the ER is that busy they should have more than 1 doctor on I don't feel anyone should have to wait 6+ hours They are there for a reason There always seems to be a lot of staff around the desk when you get in
I think when you go into the emergency ward there should not be people sitting around having a good time. The first time I was there this was what was going on. The next time their were people having lunch & didn't seem to be very ill The third time there was a gentleman there with his child that was definitely ill He ended up leaving to get his son cared for some where else I could go on & on. This to me is not an emergency ward This last I went my daughter thought I should go I told her I would but I am not going to sit & wait. This time their was only about 6 people there. A man was their with 2 children who were definitely sick & three others. I told my daughter I am not going to stay. To me this is not an emergency ward its a joke. They should have a better system or someone who knows when its an emergency That nurse that sees you when you first go in should be able to tell. I believe a sick child should have priority. If this is an emergency make it one.
I thought it was exceptional! The doctor on call even followed up by phone and with a referral
I thought nurses + staff + dr's were outstanding wait was too long to get beyond triage
I thought the nursing staff was very compassionate and thorough
I took my mother into hospital that same week. One visit we waited 8 hrs and was given sleeping pills for pain (because I said she was in to much pain to sleep) went home frustrated and angry. That same week we returned to find out after 2 hr wait she was full of cancer died same month.
I understand I couldn't have solid foods before I had my baby but after I had my baby I still didn't get solid food.
I understand that covid has had a toll on our healthcare, but from what I saw that morning, it was not that busy, I did not see many nurses and no drs there, I was in excruciating pain, later found out it was something pressing on a nerve in my neck, which no one addressed. Was told no tests could be done, treat pain + leave, totally unacceptable.
I understand that the triage nurse hears everybody's woes, but when I come there in pain, with something (unreadable)
I understand that the virus caused restrictions on anyone accompanying me. However, after I entered, there was no direction given no one to tell me where to go. Very disappointing!
I understand that there were more serious cases than my son's however there were 2 kids under 5 the ER this night & both families waited 5+ hours to get into see any anyone. Wait times have always been bad to see the dr but they are getting worse.
I visited the ER 3 time in a short time period, not sure which one this survey was sent for, but answered to my best ability.
I visited the ER during the pandemic and in a way, it was the best possible time to visit due to less number of people in the ER as well as more hospital staff being there perhaps. I was treated very quickly away from other patients and I was so grateful for their care. If it was any other time perhaps I may be sitting in the waiting room for a long period with an agonizing pain of a dislocated shoulder.
I visited the ER with my almost X year old daughter. She had fallen and hit her head and had a one inch laceration on her forehead which required stitches. We arrived shortly before 3 pm and waited over 5 hours before she was seen by the doctor to be stitched up. Luckily I had brought a couple snacks because we were there through dinner time and past her bedtime. While the nurses were pleasant and the doctor was nice and good with my daughter, I was very disappointed that a X year old with a head injury was not expedited. My daughter was so well behaved and I was so proud of how patient she was but I wonder if she had been crying and acting out more if we would have gotten better service.
I wait there for 5 hours. I had a XXXXXXXX old baby, I was sick and tired and thy lit people in who came to the emergency later then me, so I just left the emergency before I had seen a doctor.
I waited 35 hrs. then left as I had not seen any doctor regarding my medical emergency - hence the doctors poor ratings. It appeared to be understaffed. But it was a nice facility and the nurses were very friendly and helpful.
I waited 4 hrs to get called in Sitting made my pain worse I understand they unfortunately were short staffed taht night. Bad luck for pts waiting I guess
I waited 5 1/2 hrs to have my finger stitched up which was cut through the muscle. I had to at 5 pm demand to see a doctor, prior to that no doctor looked at me. I was admitted at 12 noon, put in a cubicle at 1 pm, and nothing until I raised an issue!!! I would like someone to explain to me why they would treat a person who got her stitches removed, or another patient with a swollen ankle, check even after they were put in cubicles hours after me
I waited in the ER with XXXXXX for 3 hours. I asked the triage nurse how much longer it would be and she said there were several more patients ahead of us. I decided to take XXXXXX home without being seen because it felt impossible to manage a busy agitated toddler while maintaining a safe social distance in the ER near other people any longer. I asked the triage nurse what symptoms to watch for at home. I was concerned he may have had a concussion but we were never able to see a doctor. I know everyone is doing their best during a difficult time
I waited over 6 hours without ever seeing a doctor! So I left Very sad considering I was in a lot of pain
I was able to be care of myself without much care feed myself able to go to washroom just had to wait for a procedure at another hospital in XXXXXXX happy with care and nurses
I was admitted during the COVID-19 pandemic, with a compromised immune system due to chemotherapy treatments. All staff in both emergency department and in hospital were exemplary in following protocols to ensure my safety and of others. They made me feel safe in an uncertain time. I am grateful to have received such excellent care.
I was admitted to ICU spent 3 days in ICU then put out on floor for another 4 days. Care in hospital was overall excellent
I was admitted to the ER in XXX & XXX & XXXXXXXXXXX. In XXX & XXX it was for low blood pressure. I had my aortic valve replaced in XXXXXX on XXXXXXXXXXXXXX and some of my problems are related to that operation.
I was admitted to the hospital on this visit I received very good care
I was admitted to the hospital once I had been seen in the ER.
I was admitted to the hospital the same day and 3 days later had my gall bladder removed My care was excellent!
I was also in emergency in the late summer. Things were not good with Covid & all emergency rooms was full They have come a long way to getting organized. Now if we can get in to see the doctor one day again. That would be nice. Everyone had to get used to this new way of life took time to get organized. These hospital are getting old but the workers do there best I worked in medical field before & it is now easy
I was amazed they still had daily cleaning of the room Thanks
I was at Emerg before 10 am. I went through triage quickly and got a blood test, EKG. I waited till 4 pm for a chest x-ray. I waited till 6 pm to see dr. for 3 minutes. Dr wanted me to take a lung O2 stress test so a tech walked me through the emerg. examining area which was 100% full. I was scared of catching Covid, I did not finish the test I have COPD + dr diagnosed me with a lung infection. Likely not the best time or place for a lung O2 stress test. I felt I was put at risk. The triage and E.R. nurses were very good. The dr was overwhelmed with his workload. The lung tech should have been more aware of the danger of taking an at risk person through that environment and testing a person with a lung infection would not give accurate results.
I was brought to ER with heart attack symptoms, including severe chest pain, sometimes in arms and neck also. I was alone ... 2 am. I was left in cubicle for long periods by myself. Blood samples were taken. Doctor came, explained I was having a heart attack. He left me alone again for quite a while. I was in pain ... given med. Didn't help. Alone for sometime again. Finally around 6:30, ambulance to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for stent insertion immediately on arrival @ 7 am. Nurses @ XXXX were very rough and failed a few times to insert needle for IV. I complained the tourniquet was too tight, ignored. My arm was bruised for several days from unnecessary extreme pressure (very sore). At XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, they replaced the IV needle because it was in a very awkward place, and was leaking profusely. Because it was an emergency situation - Heart Attack, I didn't understand the nurse's seemingly indifference and lack of haste in treating me. Also, from the first chest pains at home at 1:30 am, I recognized it as a heart attack, and immediately called for Ambulance. Why did it take me until 7 am to arrive at XXX IN XXXXXXX? That's almost 6 hours of damage to my heart (not to mention I was in pain all this time ... And alone. Please accept this as constructive criticism. I would never wish this situation on another person. And thank you for the opportunity to have myself heard.
I was brought to XXXXXXXXXX because XXXXXXX hospitals were full No meds were needed, and the wait time in the waiting room was a bit long The staff was very nice and very caring and what does my education, color or nationality have to do with my visit?
I was completely satisfied with care.
I was experiencing an asthma attack and was anxious. After being put in a room it was an hour before a nurse came in and another 4 hours before a doctor came in No one checked me in between the two.
I was freezing cold the whole time I was there and I wasn't offered a blanket once. I had to use my moms coat as a blanket. I didn't know I could even get a blanket until I saw another patient with one
I was frustrated when ordered to change out my n95 mask which I first opened in the parking lot for a handmade mask.
I was given choices and allowed to make my decision. Had control.
I was happy to get a caring doctor. They are not always so kind. Also - no nurses checked in to see if I was ok - or offer even some water etc Very poor (unreadable)
I was happy with the care I received for my c section the maternity ward staff are all great
I was having a miscarriage, so I had been seeing my doctor regularly. The OB that I saw was very compassionate. The other doctors I saw during my visit were great but needed to leave because another emergency came in. Every nurse, doctor, ultrasound tech didn't seem to know anything about my care ... I had to explain from the beginning of my prenatal care what had happened at least once an hour that I was there. Everyone was however helpful and courteous.
I was having complications due to the flu. I received x-rays that showed I had developed pneumonia yet was not told this, or did not receive any prescription to threat it. I followed up with my family doctor a week later where I was told of the results of the x-ray and my family doctor prescribed antibiotics. I am not sure why I was not prescribed antibiotics during my emergency visit.
I was hoping to get in IV in the doctor didn't do it. Because I'm on antibiotics all the time in 1 am sick in tired of it in it is always for bladder infection otherwise the visit would of been good.
I was hospitalized during COVID pandemic was very difficult to be in hospital without seeing family, friends All of staff were fearful in coming in to my room * I also was not given a name band or allergy band. Therefore no safety checks were done prior to meds given.
I was IMPRESSED Very good care!
I was impressed with the small wait time in comparison to the wait times in the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I was in a 3 bed room was in bed and in came a nurse and says to me I'm moving you, you got the bug, she wheeled me out and never said anymore into a private room It really upset me I went home that evening
I was in a serious car accident with my mother. We were brought to the ER in different ambulances and then put in different rooms in different hallways- I was left alone for over 15 minutes at a time. It was very scary. I should have been next to my parent.
I was in hospital due to a reoccurring medical problem The doctors ensured it was dealt with appropriately while in hospital. I was moved to 3 different rooms in 3 days. For someone less capable this would have been distressing.
I was in pain & I waited to long for help
I was in the ER spotting in early pregnancy - clearly I was emotional - two weeks later I was in the ER again - for a miscarriage your staff was EXTREMELY wonderful and empathetic & did all they could to provide comfort along with excellent care Thank you!
I was in the OR waiting room waiting on my brothers surgery. I used the washroom. I am disable and walk with a walker. Serious back & shoulder problems. I have 5 disc fused together. I hesitated before using the toilet because the toilets were so low to the floor and I was afraid that I wouldn't be able to get up. There was only one bar on right wall and nothing to help on left side. Well when I tried to get up I couldn't. After waiting there a while I gave myself one more try and I fell on floor hard & here for 20 min. or more and finally crawled for help pulled cord and it didn't work so I crawled to the door opened it and yelled for my husband. I was very embarrassed, I am a large person & he couldn't help. Now everyone is there trying to help. Next there's a gurney there to take me to emerge to check me out. I didn't want to go was told get checked so I went and that's why I had to now go to emerge and wait so long for help. X-rays showed no breaks just bruising then left. P.S. I couldn't believe that the cord in bathroom at a hospital didn't work. Hopefully it's now fixed. XXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was not given any information about contacting a specialist if my injury didn't heal 100%, which it didn't.
I was only one in ER at the time so I was situated in a private room in ER - took blood after I suggested to do so - and waited 2-3 hrs to get results while sitting alone - No contact - then I got dressed to walk out, but results had arrived at that time - I left with no idea what problem was - I had to ask doctor & he threw out a superfluous answer In the past I have been to ER many times mostly for very serious medical problems that required a catheter and my average wait was 6-7 hrs per visit - Thank god I was the only person there as I only had to wait in a cold room in a blue gown for 3 hrs. ER's need to be compassionate and courteous and helpful to the sick The job is not easy
I was quite disappointed & frustrated with the doctor. He wasn't listening to me & didn't help the problem much at all. I had taken off of work to go & it was a USELESS waste of time! The nurses were fine, it was just the doctor.
I was really happy with the level of compassion empathy and respect I received at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Thank you X
I was satisfied with my care for the majority of my visit More information and a kinder manner from the doctor would have improved the visit. I went home uninformed about how to proceed after being tested for Covid 19
I was scared and the doctor and nurses put my mind at ease. Very helpful.
I was scared to death but they where very understanding to me. ALl the nurses + where very, very helpful + caring doctor as well. Only thing need more help for nurse so so busy. Thank you very very helpful XX
I was scheduled to have a colonoscopy that morning, but had paca & vomiting at night I always ask my doctor to refer to you for any procedures, instead of XXXXXXX. I have received wonderful care, always, at your hospital.
I was seen by a nurse practitioner and it went quick. But other visits when my wife was in emerg. the doctor was great but the ER was full and a second doctor would have nice. The nurses have to spend an enormous amount of time filing out charts (you need a better system)
I was sent by my family doctor. I was lucky because there were 2 doctors working that night.
I was there 7 times for the same thing + I got 7 prescriptions, all the same.
I was there as a booked appointment for my regular 3 week treatment with my family doctor - This survey doesn't apply to me in the way it does for someone there to see the emergency doctor answered only questions that I felt were applicable to my scheduled visit.
I was there because I had heart surgery and had chest pains angina + I was concerned regarding a stroke + wanted immediate attention to prevent a stroke but had to keep asking for a doctor.
I was there during COVID-19 outbreak and was totally impressed with the procedure part to get into the hospital. Once inside with a mask & hand sanitizer I found everyone very efficient & kind and felt well cared for.
I was to come to the ER for a blood transfusion @ 3 PM I was called in @ 630 PM A very uncomfortable wait since I suffer from osteoporo & arthritis, and very tired since I needed blood
I was told I had an ankle sprain & an air cast was prescribed with no instructions on how long to wear it or when it could come off eg sleeping/showering. 4 weeks later I found out I had 2 fractures in addition to having torn two tendons. I was not told to follow up with anyone but finally went to my family MD at 10 days - I think should have been referred to orthopedic MD immediately. I may have done more damage in the 4 weeks and then was put back in a cast.
I was told there was numerous narcotics in my system from a drug test. AFter the doctor read that they did not treat me for why I was there a second test at my doctors office hours later showed that the hospital test was wrong. I was treated horribly as it was assumed I was an addict and I will tell everyone not to go there
I was treated completely for the pain Very good treatment!
I was treated very professionally by all staff All were professional & friendly and willing to help Great job by all -
I was treated very well by nurses and hospital staff
I was very contagious so they left the meal tray on the counter inside the door had trouble getting it as I was hooked to IV.
I was very happy with the care I received the nurse that helped me was excellent, funny, and put me at ease. I didn't need to see a doctor. Once I was seen by the nurse it took about 10 minutes and I was out but it took almost 6 hours to be seen. If it is something simple that doesn't require a doctor it would be wonderful to find a way to streamline things to get patients through and on their way. I understand that nothing is perfect but it would relieve so much stress on the patients and in turn the nurses and doctors that deal with the patients that they are not sitting and "stewing" for 6 hours for something simple let alone something more serious
I was very impressed by all personnel who did their part!!
I was very impressed with cleanliness of the Emerg department. Cleaning staff takes care to keep the place safe (Covid-19) I felt very secure. Thank you!
I was very pleased and the were very good!!
I was very pleased how friendly and helpful everybody was.
I was very pleased with the care I received and I told the nurse so. I also commented to the nurse that she maintained a tight ship
I was very reluctant to visit this ER due to the bad experience my friends mother received not long before me. Had XXX not been 40 minutes away I would have gone there. When I first went in I was asked the COVID questions, then asked why I was there, when I said 'I was having chest pains' they had me sit in triage (they didn't seem to concerned). Once I was seen by the triage nurse things moved fast in getting me attention I needed for my SVT. Once I was seen by the triage nurse everyone was was fantastic, and I was well taken care of.
I was very satisfied with my care.
I was very unhappy with the doctor. He came in and said his name (very fast as I have no clue what is was) and asked what was wrong. I explained what was wrong with my daughter. He asked her to breath deep while he used his stethoscope. He then wrote a prescription and handed it to me and walked out. I didn't have a chance to ask him anymore questions. There were no nurses around either. Left feeling frustrated of not knowing what was really wrong with her and nothing about pain management. To this day 2 months later she is still having problems with this same cough. I am happy with the fact that it was very fast to get in and out of the ER seeing as it was 2 a.m.
I was very well look after. Nurses always helpful I received a call at home which as reassuring and ery much appreciated Nice touch
I was visited by two female staff - a doctor and a resident (intern) - both thorough and professional. I have had a few previous visits but this one seemed to be the best! I would certainly recommend (and have) the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to others.
I went in for pain in my foot. Turned out to be nothing serious.
I went in for the delivery of our baby. Everything went well and we were treated really good. Thank you.
I went there because I had a burning pain in the mouth of my stomach I spent the night there and was released in the morning Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX gave me a prescription. I got it. The medication was typically used for certain mental disorders (psychosis) It may have other uses The medication did not help me with my problem I could not eat solids and was losing weight fast The medication was called Quetiapine Fumarate 25 mg.
I went to emergency as covid positive patient. I was noticing some changes in my breathing after chest x-ray doctor saw no issues go home the next day I received a call from my family physician saying he saw spots on my lungs and asked if I was prescribed any meds. I said no they said I was fine he prescribed me an antibiotic within a few days breathing back to normal During my covid time I had a fever for 8 days over 101 degrees Fahrenheit. I'm glad my family doctor caught this
I went to get an ultrasound done & then was taken to emergency det. Bit of a wait but was prepared to wait. Didn't see a doctor but a nurse practitioner who was excellent. Satisfying experience.
I went to the Emergency Department at 500 o clock AM and didn't see a doctor until almost 9AM. I sat in the room and just waiting in great pain.
I went to the emergency room because I was having pain in my chest and numbness in my left arm. The triage nurse did my blood pressure and it was 167/108 and I still had to wait over 4 hours to even get into a room in the ER. I have a family history of heart attacks but no one ever asked me that or did anything until I was in the room. Many other patients were treated before me or had at least blood work. I had nothing for over 4 hours.
I went to this ED on XXXXXXXXXXX and no records of my attendance were there. I had to undergo the same procedures because my chart was not in the system. I suffered a seizure & no record was kept apparently because a new system was put in place on that day I find that completely unacceptable that my records were not properly put into the system since a patient's chart is a legal document on my visit on XXXXXXXXXXXX I waited in a bed for 2 hours before a nurse even assessed me this hospital is definitely disappointing and should never have undocumented patient care! If I ever have another medical emergency I will not be returning to this hospital!
I went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on XXXXXXXXXXXXXX I was not feeling good and the care was not good. I had to wait long time which wasn't the big problem. The problem was I first or all nobody around, no pillow on bed and I waited four hours for nothing. The doctor on duty do not even touch me. They didn't order blood or urine. I am having prostate problems and I don't know how the doctor is a doctor I am seeking help for prostate but I am not getting anywhere. My doctor (Dr XXX) isn't taking me serious, sends me to specialist at XXXX and he didn't even touch me on my consultation appt so I don't know what to think. I am XX years old and am trying to get better so I need some help to address this matter. Because the health care system is messed up. Thanks for this survey and I hope it gets to the right person to figure my situation out Have a good day XXXXXXXXXXXXXX To discuss this further I can be reached or to do interview XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I will share with you, my mom is almost XX has dementia, cannot answer these questions. I am her daughter with power of attorney. I am the one that has to take her, unless there is a mishap. She is in a retirement home with a Dr. that comes there. She of course was very edgy that visit at the hospital. Sometimes inappropriate things come out of her mouth. But over all, we have been at the hospital several times and the nursing staff & Drs. present do a good job with these elderly people.
I wish speed + efficiency of arriving at emergency could stay at the level I received after Covid-19 instead of just waiting for 2 to 6 hours to be attended to
I wish there was pediatrics at XXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I work 30 year in nursing home I always give the best to my people I hope to receive the best I love taking good care of people no matter the color or who they are Everybody should to the best to help. I have 2 bad incidents at night shift.
I would be interested to get my records.
I would have appreciated a Spanish translator during my stay. My children had to translate for me and it was very difficult for me to not communicate with them about what was happening during my stay.
I would like it if did not take that long till the doctor came in to the room.
I would like the doctor at that time to really explain what was happening to me and what I can do in order for it not to happen again.
I would like to thank XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX the nurse practitioner and her team for their kindness and for helping me with the illness that I was experiencing back in XXXX. I appreciate everything that was done for me. This was the best emergency visit I have had in a long time. Thank you!
I would like you to congratulate the nurse named XXXXXX, despite being very young, she is a very helpful, friendly and very patient person, in short, an excellent person. Thank you.
I would recommend going to your hospital. I have been there four times.
I, being female, was surprised to be put in a room shared with a male, especially regarding toileting.
I, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Sitting in the waiting room for 5 1/2 hours to see the doctor for 5 minutes is bull crap, plus no food given or water.
ICU doctor in no hurry to discharge me - wanted to perform more tests i.e. angiogram@ XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX could not promise when could get in - called my cardiologist & had appointment next day. Felt like I was taking up a valuable bed . LOTS of patients waiting in emergency for bed.
If family were not there at meal time to open, cut up food I would not have been able to eat much by myself or it would be cool before I was able to eat it Family also walked the halls with me a great deal.
If it wasn't for the emergency room I wouldn't be here today. I can only say "good things" about XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX & the people from EMS They saved my life All the people that worked on me in the hospital treated me respectfully. I owe them my life
If patients are diabetic, make sure they eat. Not fish for breakfast. Make sure if they need to go to washroom not wait 2 hrs later. Have volunteers help with patients, they can give blankets or see if patients need something
if there is a little more time spend from the time when patients come into the ER or let you know were they waiting for time spend in the waiting times can be reduced a lot
If they could tell you the side of any medication I would be given. Before purchasing @ pharmacy
If this visit was my first, I would be reluctant to return
If you are by yourself and no family or friends around and you are lying down on the xray table, can the people help help you up.
If you go to an emergency department you not there for pleasure, off course you want to look after right away but you have to realize there always people that need care first, Overall very good care with the old facility they have to work with Great Job Thank you
If you have to have fans blowing out windows all night, you need to have warmer blankets. It takes heat with it. I asked for warmer blankets because I was cold. They gave me a sheet from chair.
I'm getting help with high blood pressure now thank you to hospitals care - my family doctor wasn't helping me.
I'm not sure of what I'm gonna say but during my 2nd visit, I noticed that there is only one doctor for 29 patients. I think that's why I had that 5 hours of stay in the hospital. I think it would need additional doctors for a fast service. Thank you.
I'm sure you will know what I'm about to write - judging by the bar cod eon the bottom of the pages ... go to ER w/ a XX year old in pain - 10 PM - brought in 4 hours later - 2 AM. Once I mentioned the guy who left to get a Tim Horton's coffee - and came back with his friend - went in before us. No exam done, did not 'listen' to my son - told us he is a "teenager" probably constipated - take Metamucil - sent us home. (Did I mention he had acute appendicitis!!!) So - now we have to go back when his shift is over - because we're denied care - go back in the morning - my son is in tears - can't sit, can't stand - crying, bent over in pain - mentioned we just left ER a few hours ago - (yet I'm still asked if I have a fever, a cough, and have I been away ... seriously!?) I ask how long is the wait - at least 5 hours the triage nurse tells me - I tell her to look at my son. He will not make it 5 hours in this pain. We have to sit on the floor in a hallway - because there are not more seats - nice. After I call someone, my son is brought in - it's morning - after an xray 8 hours nothing - they call in a tech to do an ultrasound - who is obviously upset with us that she was called in! She looks at all of abdomen, except the appendix ... wow. After how many injections of morphine - it's 8 PM at night and they still can't figure out what is wrong - so a CT is done - (perhaps if ultrasound was done properly - he wouldn't have needed the CT & all the radiation). Appendix - now it's almost 11 PM - they have to transfer him to XXXXXXX they want us to wait 2-3 hours for an ambulance - even though, it's been over 24 hours since I first came to ER with my son I took him myself! Embarrassing for XXXXXXXXXX. My family does not frequent ER - we don't abuse doctor visits - perhaps - instead of being taken in my "turn" of arrival (which certainly was how it worked) it should be my another priority - if I had to choose between a XX yr old crying - or a XX year old who ran out to get coffee with his friend - I'm guessing the XX year old - first. Perhaps you should view the frequency of ER visits by the patient - perhaps you should see what those frequent visitors are coming for - are they really emergencies?? Perhaps, at night when no doctors are working - you should staff 2 doctors - or 1 doctor and a nurse practitioner - perhaps - instead of wasting time printing off surveys - you should have someone to observe thing s- review the ER reports & do something about it.
I'm very grateful of the care I received in every visit. Everyone was alert, professional and positive XXXXXXXXXXXX
I'm very happy your service was here for those in need - Many thanks
I'm XX yrs old and daughters were in on every decision. Seeing impaired so had help filling out questionnaire.
In emerg: very poor moral in some staff filthy rooms (nurses clean them plus do pt care) bugs crawling on the ceiling, no staff/signage after hours to direct people, bad attitude & conflicting/misinformation given by some drs; dirty gloves by examining dr after using them to open & close door to room in emerg. Nurse "didn't check" to see where I was being taken - unsure of room as we wondered the hall in the wee hrs of the night After adm to the floor nurses were caring & professional
In for three nights - being treated for diabetic ketoacidosis - Nurses had little clue about insulin or diabetes Last nights barely even came around to check up on me Wouldn't even wash me Very lazy Gave bloodwork right after going to ER. - could barely sit up straight - and it took 5 hours before I even moved out of waiting room. Way to be on top of things
In general it was a very good experience - I hope I will not need to attend in the future!
In respect to question 30 kitchen staff had some difficulties responding to the diet requirement
In the last 20 years we have never experienced a health emergency that hasn't been treated immediately. This recent visit was due to a motor vehicle accident in XXXXXXXXXXX. With followup in XXXXX. I was given the best of care. Incl. bld work x-rays - c scan I have said it many times, this hospital comes to the fore when the situation requires it. We have attended XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. On occasion for 20+ years pneumonia pancreatitis broken ankle, bowel infection, post MV accident, and have always received the complete care required. We have deep appreciation and thanks for the many levels of care we have received and we are grateful to have this facility in our area.
In the rooms that I was in, they were organized and clean.
It gets busy but the care is good.
It is good service but I went there it was empty, however, it took to me 3 hours to know what was my health problem
It is the sitting and waiting just too long.
It seemed a very long time to wait 4 hrs I understand the drs and nurses are busy but there weren't a lot of people waiting. The dr that took care of me was very nice and friendly.
It seemed the doctors and nurses enjoyed their jobs
It takes way too long to see a dr
It too long. I am XX years old.
It took far too long - more than 4 hours to receive a CAT scan after suffering a TIA. XXXXXXXXXX does not have the medication if it was a brain bleed or the necessary doctors specialists to treat - ambulance should have taken me to XXXXXXX Also left on my own for far too long without information from nurses or doctors.
It took over 2 hrs to finally get to see a Dr. Was very nauseated + faint like + only 1 person came to see me about 5 mins to tell me it would not be long. Waited another 1 1/2 to finally see dr!!
It took too long to get into room and when they called people they took 5 a time it used to be they took one a time so got in faster
It was a great visit Very fast! Efficient.
It was a long wait. But it was bearable.
It was a pleasure to be there, couldn't ask for anything better. Hope everyone involved is having a splendid time
It was all good
It was amazing! I was absolutely terrified about having surgery and dying on the table with a new baby at home and the whole team made sure I felt safe and constantly reassured me! The anesthetist was so funny that I felt comfortable going under and the nurses and surgeon were all amazing ! I was in so much pain everyday and with a newborn at home it was incredibly difficult trying to care for him, Dr. XXX saved me! Even though a gallbladder wasn't life threatening the pain sure was !! Overall I love this hospital and all the staff! The 2 times I had to come in both for emergencies I have had nothing but wonderful experiences 100% worth the drive from XXXXXXX!
It was because of this visit that I was sent for emergency operation on my back I am XX old + recovering very nicely even in rehab the care was excellent
It was good care but wish the waiting times were a bit faster especially if the dr can just tell you directions to do at home.
It was good visit They prescribed an antibiotic that cleared of my infection
It was great help from there.
It was long wait before we got our turn.
It was my 1st ambulance ride and visit to that hospital and everyone was great. Now 3 months later and still not sure what happened that day, but I'm fine.
It was the doctor in particular that I felt was not helpful or really even cared how I was feeling. He did not examine me - just asked a few questions & told me to go home & have a good night. I was in a LOT of pain but got NO help. Only a promise of an ultrasound in a few days
It was the worst hospital visit I have ever had. From the paramedics throwing me around after I fell to the nurses + doctors mistreating me while I was there. I will die at home before I would ever go back there again.
It was very good
It was very good.
It was very good.
It was very nice. Food was good. Nurses very nice. Should of stayed longer. Still have trouble with my legs. This is an ongoing thing. Don't think I'll ever get better. Still can't walk, got weeping scars on both legs. Have XXX back in again starting XXXXXXXXXX Cry a lot, so what else is new.
It would be nice if the doctors would stop playing with their phones and take care of people.
It would be nice if the nurse would come around to explain to the people its going to be this long before the doctor comes to see you. This way I could have gone on the bed and rested before the doctor sees me. I started work at 5:00 AM very tired when the doctor showed up. I kept felling asleep when the doctor showed up. I kept dozing off to sleep. And cold in the hospital had a light jacket. I was freezing
It would be nice that when you are put in a room that a friendly face would occasionally check in on you the nurses walk up and down the hall and never even look at you not a friendly atmosphere when you are not feeling well.
It would be nice to get help sooner, then waiting if they would give some thing for pain when needed
It would have been nice to be able to choose food from a menu/ list. I was served a milk at each meal and do not drink milk, thus it was wasted. A simple yes no checklist would eliminate a lot of waste.
It's better then nothing, every little bit of help helps I am still getting help. I have XXX come to my house every 2 to 3 days both legs are bandaged up I have water blisters on both legs this is going on 1 year + 4 months.
It's my first experience in a hospital and I must say it was great Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX excellent doctor and that nurse that started to work around 7 AM an XXXXXXX she was excellent a very wonderful experience with both of them.
I've been very lucky in having very good nurses and doctors
Just 2 nights stay the 2 nurses were excellent, one being XXXXXXXXX the third night didn't even see the nurse. It was clear the unit had filled up with patients and there wasn't enough staff on duty No fault of the nurses...system failure! I wasn't allowed up to use restroom and urinal bottle was filled to the top, sitting on my table beside the lunch tray. Once again...no fault of nurses, who were clearly overworked. -System failure
Just excellent care
Just sometimes don't like waiting for so much hours to go into a room then still have to wait even more to have the doctor to see us. Other then that everyone is very helpful.
Just thank everyone that was involved while I was visiting the hospital.
Just want to say during last visit the dr. was rather rude and inconsiderate due to fact the emergency department was packed and was very quick to diagnose what was wrong.
Just wish they could reduce the wait time to under 3 hours
Keep up good work!
Keep up the good work!
Lack of facilities to get refreshments after 1 PM Traffic in parking lot Would not accept cards.
Last 2 times in ER I have been lost for at least 4 to 5 hour only to be told sorry.
Last place I would go if I had a choice.
Last time I went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I was there 12 hours waited 6 hrs to see a doctor then another 6 hrs to get care.
Less waiting to see doctor
Liked the hospital in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and would recommend that they go there.
Lost vision in 1 eye/not good waiting 6 hrs High anxiety Only 1 dr on call Need a triage dr - actual dr time <4 minutes ER washroom was not CLEANED in 6 hours - I was there - COVID!!!
Love your hospital You guys rock XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX are a nightmare.
Me and my husband are completely happy with the service we had.
Meals not good Should have a choice
Minimum assessment & care I still have a problem and am waiting for assessment from plastics to an MRI for tendon damage - date of injury XXXXXXXXXXXXX - Todays date XXXXXXXXXXXX - if this is the overall level of care you want to provide, you met it its minimal & inadequate. XXXXXXXXXXX
Mistaken for another patient that left without doctor consent The nurse that took my blood was excellent Dr. needed to ask patients name + he would have realized he had the wrong chart
Mix up - almost given antibiotic 2x. No communication re. meals when admitted to floor from ER. Had severe nausea - given salad for lunch? S/b more bland - soup broth etc. MIscommunication on Dr. report said had "severe vomiting - but didn't vomit once?
More answers about health - not feel rushed when asking dr. what is wrong Didn't like answer Just see your family dr.
More bed side manner instead of saying be with you shortly then they come back has doctor come yet then orderly came in and asked one if it was an emergency It so bad I do not like going to hospital because they do not answer my question to understand I have been in Emerg and had seizures fell out of bed because the sides were not up ended up on floor last time I was standing then down to the floor and in a daze
More check ups to the waiting room in the ER - room was very cold w/ few blankets - staff was very busy (I should have complained!) Staff was very busy!
More doctors are need in the ER.
More doctors Less paper work Less staff visiting each other
More help & care given in ER room needed. After in rooms & in hospital total dietary overhaul no fresh fruit, no homestyle food, very poor nutrients given or supplied Meals on Wheels are also not up to par very poorly planned. Thank you
More help needed This department over worked
More nurses in the emergency dept. Be more attentive to the patients needs. Have patients wait in the room for 2 hrs before the doctor arrives. That is awful experience
Much too long a wait
My answers are to quantify the ER, I have no complains with the OR department where I was transfer the next day, nor the local OB doctor. During my stay in ER, the department was almost empty that night Nurses were mostly unavailable all chatting and talking at the reception desk. First time in ER they did not tell me where the call button was, neither was reachable from my bed, no way to reach them as they were all at the reception, not a soul on the corridor to call. I was done left unattended. I was loosing a lot of blood (miscarriage) and my IV liquid solution was empty for at least 20 min. I was super week, tried to call for help without success. I had to leave my bed to see if someone was in the corridor (my room door was open all the time) not a soul I was so week that I fainted Not sure how long I was unconscious but I woke up still on the floor and managed to put myself on the bed praying for someone to come as I felt I will faint again At the end a nurse finally came to check on me. I had blood in my face because of the fall They put two IV liquids to bring me back to stable state Other issue, after the accident, they offer pain medication They gave me morphine. They did not tell me it will bring down my blood pressure (that was already low). When I start feeling worst with the morphine and the monitor equipment started to launch and alarm every time it measured my blood pressure I called them to let them knew with the call button (after the accident they finally showed me where the call button was and make it reachable from my bed). As the alarm did not go away on its own and no nurse happen to listen to the sounds (again nobody on the corridor) The nurses will only turn off the alarm remotely, as nobody came to check on me. They did not try to improve my blood pressure. They should have removed the medication but not the blood pressure monitor will launch the alarm every time it check automatically my pressure, and the nurse at the front will remotely turned off after I called her. This happens during the night not able to rest because of the alarm, and how bad I felt due to low blood pressure I have to say once they changed the nurse shift to the morning, the new nurse was better. She will come to check on me, change the IV liquid promptly and kept my blood pressure higher (above 90). No comparison to the night shift nurses I decided not to accept any more pain medication after what happened with the morphine
My average wait time 5-7 hr but because of COVID 19 I was seen quickly
My care giver was a nurse practitioner and she was very efficient.
My care probably would have gone faster if I went in ambulance to hospital, but I have 2 small children at home and needed to make sure they were cared for. I had minor whiplash from being rear ended (they were not with me) It would be nice if there was a way to reduce wait times, but then there's Covid.
My care was excellent. I do wish that the hospital policy would return to two visitors at a time to each patient.
My care was good but the nurse trying to put in a port for meds needed more training. She kept jabbing nine times before putting it where four hours later another technician had to redo it!
My case wasn't urgent but I was instructed to go to E.R. by my family physician following tests. This was a total waste of the E.R. doctor's time, however it gave me peace of mind.
My concern is why they would use a person who brought me through emerg with the flu 8 years before on my admitting papers. It should have been my granddaughter who is my (unreadable) provider who come with me and her mother is my POA! But otherwise i got very good care. Thank you. God bless.
My dad passed away XXXXXXXXXXXXX. I just wanted to fill this out so we, my family, can express or sincere appreciation to hospital staff and dr's. Your care and kindness will not be forgotten. Family of the late XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXX
My daughter (X yrs) felt very comfortable from the moment we completed the screening until the time we left This experience during Covid was at first scary for me, but seeing the staff do an amazing job making my daughter feel at ease was a tremendous undertaking from individuals who have been working overtime to help our community! Fantastic job to all, great work!
My daughter called the nurse manager about issues after we left She apologized for the nursing care I received The needle (port) was left in my arm My arm was hurting on the way home It fell out blood everywhere It was explained the nurses and her relief nurse each thought the other took it out No one did Nurse manager apologized for this Nurse left me in chair sitting up even though I told her I was in extreme pain No bedside manner I was afraid to ring the bell
My daughter had fever 39 degrees for 3 hours or more ... I told them they just give her a pill and made me wait 2 hour and half. I saw that they were not going to see her anytime soon - I left to XXXXXXX. It was faster, better and better health team friendly and they understand.
My daughter was sick and I went to emergency room and I understand everyone matters but I wish in the hospital at emergency room gives priority to the kids Also when the doctor gave me the results he said my daughter has chicken pox but "he wasn't sure" How he can't be sure about the results The next day I went to see my family doctor and he said it wasn't chicken pox I can't believe a doctor say such thing
My doctor - Dr. XXX came twice a day to see me. The nurses were awesome. What I appreciated the most was when I entered the E.R. I did not wait very long before being called & brought in for the doctor on call to assess my condition.
My doctor sent me because I had a headache for two days and our son died from a brain aneurysm. Because of covid 19 he wanted me to be examined and thought they would do a CAT scan which they did
My doctor that treated me seemed like he was scared of me, he stood at the doorway, never came close, I feel on my shoulder &* was in pain. I thought he could have felt it, doing shoulder rotations!! X-ray doesn't tell everything. There was also a language barrier
My doctor wanted me to go there for an ultrasound of my calf pain which never happened and so I walked out. The ER doctor understood my frustration and as my BP was rising from the stress of such a long wait he prescribed Amlodipine.
My experience at XXXX was excellent.
My experience was very positive - They looked after my needs in a timely fashion My primary nurse was wonderful she explained everything to me CT Scan, xray - very comforting - checked on my pain level - explained the delay in seeing the doctor for results.
My family
My family doctor in the post-ER follow-up told me that the ER doctor should have completed a specialist referral to an ENT Doctor to reset my broken nose as it would have been faster than waiting to see me family doctor. Otherwise, everything else was excellent.
My father is hard of hearing. If I wouldn't been with him and known my way around the emergency room, he would not have understood where to go or been understood totally by your staff. He is XX and gets frustrated easily when he doesn't understand
My first time admitted in XXX, after a fall, I had rehab at the hospital I fell again and when I was readmitted I was treated differently no rehab, just left to sit. If my son didn't come up to stay and work with me in there I would've never gotten back on my feet. It was noticeably different. The folks like XXXXXXXXXXXXX and staff at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX home helped and made my transfer to residence a smooth and pleasant transition. Everyone was kind and courteous the change with rehab was my only complaint
My husband had a really bad experience He is legally blind and they treated him like he had full site.
My injuries were minor and most questions did not apply.
My male nurses was very unhappy with how long I waited to get a doctor. I could hear him discussing me with his supervisor.
My mother (XXXXXXXXXXXX) was discharged without having her IV removed. I am an RN and did remove it for her. Found the nursing staff too busy to give enough attention to their patients.
My mother was unable to make decisions for herself. Since her hospital stay she has passed away.
My mother's care was great, I felt good knowing she was in good hands. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and answered all my questions about her condition, care, and what to expect.
My name is XXXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX The ER did not allow me to have my partner come in with me, although they were advised by both me & my partner that I am extremely hard of hearing & needed her to help me understand what was going on & to respond to questions. So, as a result I could not hear most of what was being said to, or asked of me. I consistently advised the staff of my hearing issue, but no accommodation was made or offered, generally speaking, I was treated rudely & impatiently because I was not able to hear. This attitude prevailed with all staff I encountered, including the doctor, who was supposed to be treating me, without only exception the xray tech. My partner was in the parking lot of the ER and no one obviously thought this might actually go smoother if she could have accompanied me. I did see a mother with her child in ER, and that child's need to have someone present to support & assist them was no different from my need to have my partner with me to help answer questions, provide important info etc. For the very first time in my life I exercised my right to leave the ER XXX! As my experience there was going nowhere and making me even more anxious. I was at ER Following an unexpected aFib event and TIA. My partner took me to the ER at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXX for treatment, where I was treated completely unprofessional!
My nurse was negligent in checking me out. I saw her one of the start. Later she came to do vitals but left me with BP checkup on my arm. I never saw her again. Question?? Was she a nurse in training? If she needs more supervision. I was in emerg for 8 hours - 1pm to 10pm.
My nurse was telling me what to do louder than my midwife and the labour beds are not good my switches didn't work on the handle so I had to ring the bell every time. Get new labour beds please!!!
My nurses & doctor were the best I couldn't have asked for a better stay.
My nurses were great!!! XXX & XXXXXXX If I have another baby I wish I could have them again
My only concern was I never saw anybody cleaning the bedroom and the bathroom during my stay in the hospital
My overall experience was fantastic, the only observation made was that the it would appear the facility needs some updates or general care (i.e.) bathrooms.
My responses re doctors are meant for the nurse practitioners. I did not see a doctor (no need).
My son filled this out for me.
My son had trouble walking when normally he is very active I appreciate that the doctor didn't brush us off and took our concerns serious he sent us to XXXXXXXXXXXX by ambulance.
My son was given the wrong dosage amt to be taken when I went to fill out his meds The pharmacist had to call the hospital to get correct amt to dose
My son went in with a rash that was a bacterial ( impetigo we later found out) at 5 pm on a XXXXXX night. He is X and he has to sit in the waiting room till 10 before we got into a room and 11 before we saw a doctor. I understand there are more pressing things but he was X with a rash we had no idea what it was and the fact he had to wait that long then to find out it was pretty serious and needed high dose of medications. Children shouldn't have to wait this long in emergency when there is an actual issue.
My stay at the hospital was excellent. My doctor and all the nurses were so nice and professional. Thank you for your help to bring my daughter to this world.
My stay at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was for four sleepless nights. This building si very old + dull. I compliment the nurses during my stay their work hire must be very difficult and trying - however the doctor in charge had no bedside manor.
My stay in the hospital was above good in every way.
My stay was in ER then transferred to XXXXXXXX for further care and surgery I appreciate all the help for my care. Thank you.
My sutures were put in by a trainee. Excellent job. but I have trouble with the surrounding skin.
My visit to emergency and my one night stay was the most positive experience I've every had Thank you.
My visit was during COVID-19 and I feel that doctors + nurses did an excellent job considering the circumstances.
My visit was during the COVID 19 crisis The process from check in to check out was very organized, thorough and easy to understand (plus when I was there it was slower than usual by my standards) Thumbs up
My visit was for my thumb cut off. Sat in the waiting room for 2 hrs until I finally just bled through all over the floor. It was really sad that the male nurse that works there didn't really even care. Said he had more important patients waiting for care. Not even sure why he is in the healthcare field. It wasn't until another nurse started her shift that she noticed this was kind of important while my thumb sat in the triage room on ice ... just a ridiculous visit...
My visit was overall a good experience. The nurses and doctor were very caring. I was having heart palpitations due to an antibiotic and was a bit surprised that I was sent home because they were severe. It also took a while to get a heart monitor and the doc told me it would be within 24 hours. My family doc took me off the medicine & that solved the issue. I do however appreciate the care I received.
My visit went well, other than the medication they gave me did not help.
My visits are every 3 weeks for infusion. Everyone is very professional + helpful I am only there 1 hr and I leave I have always had excellent experiences
My wife and I are very grateful to have such a wonderful health care facility here in XXXXXXXXX and of course comforted by it's proximity. The kind of care we have always received makes me want to arrange a donation of as much as I can afford.
My wife and I found the doctor in the emergency department for this visit was rude, ignorant This doctor made me feel the way I was feeling was all in my head and not to come back and go to the family doctor, when I started feeling that way again.
My wife asked other patients in triage if I could go next, because she thought I was having a heart attack. They had been waiting more than two hours.
My wife is a retired XXXXX therefore knows a lot of the procedures
Need more doctors
Needed something for pain, but didn't get it Visit for a couple of days would have been nice.
Needed to have daughter there with me since my speech is compromised because of Parkinson's disease. She is also my POA.
Needs comfortable chair to sit up in for long hours, with COPD.
Never sufficient staff to do required tasks. - In spite of above, all very capable & pleasant
No care first visit Second monitoring for both and x-ray, blood test Third CT scan
No dr saw me or nurse after 2 hrs wait I walked out.
No emergency only a ultrasound.
No everything went pretty good.
No I had very good care w/ help I was in the hospital for two weeks.
No It was good
No one has ever made me feel bad nor embarrassed about my limited English speaking abilities. Even when they were really busy with seniors, nurses and doctor made the effort to comprehend and listen to me and for that I am very grateful. In other places, the staff has seen that I am younger than other patients so they dismiss my pain and not even do further checks only because of my age (XX years old) and because I may not seem to be so sick as other patients but here in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX that has never been done to me. Thank you, Ms. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
No overall stay was good
No thanks, hoping not to see you again.
No they were good to me
No, but I will be contacting someone about the terrible care of some nurses.
No, everything with ok XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
No, I don't think so cause, they are doing an excellent job. When we arrived they doing very, very, good. We don't have to blame something. Thank you so much. And all the best.
No, only I was satisfied by my experience.
No, thanks
None The hospital staffs were/are always giving us a courteous/friendly approach whenever we're there God bless you all + stay safe
Not about emergency but I would like for my doctor XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to not be against walk-in clinics. She always threatens me if I go she will discharge me from her office. Not fair. Thank you
Not enough nurses or doctors!
Not enough workers to do the needed janitorial work. When I was admitted to ICU the nurse was mopping up spilled urine from the floor. The 4 days I spent there, I can't remember anyone cleaning the room.
Not good.
Not really
Not sure if I'd call this visit an emergency visit. I went to floor ab. unit and got transferred to XXXXXX with ambulance cause I had developed pre-eclampsia. Baby died.
Not that I really want to be in the hospital but if I ever do have to again, this would be the hospital of my choice!!! Every doctor, nurse and all other staff were very polite and knowledgeable regardless if they were male, female, white, black or otherwise. I truly believe this is one of the best hospitals in our area!!!
Note from (brother - P.O.A.) XXXXX is a XXXXXX yr. old resident at XXX She has dementia and does not realize that she was even in the hospital for 7 days. Because of the coronavirus lockdown not in effect, no contact is possible with her, so the questionnaire cannot be fully completed as requested. Only those items that I am aware of can be answered XXXXXXXXXX P.O.A. for XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Note from, XXXXXXXXXXX (mother) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX: Dear madam: I received the survey concerning my hospital visit on XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. It was in regards to swelling of my leg as I live in XXXXXXXXX and was home on vacation at my mother???s. Due to ambulance back up had to wait at least 2 hours before taken for an x-ray. Checked with doctor in XXXXXXXX, they had never received an reports or results. Anyway vacation is over and returned to XXXXXXXXX. Returning survey questionnaire along with note. Thank you.
Nurse practitioner was the best!
Nurse was excellent!
Nurse XXXXXX was the most competent helpful caring nurse I've ever had.
Nurse XXXXXXXX was very attentive and kind.
Nurses and doctor were very friendly but the triage nurse leaves something to be desired when it comes to being friendly. Don't know her name but definitely had no bedside manners.
Nurses and doctors all kind, compassionate, patient, not willing to rush me out (which is what I wanted) They treated all others with the same kindness.
Nurses and doctors doing a great job very busy don't know how they keep going doing a great job I thank
Nurses and doctors were great Food was awful
Nurses and doctors were very friendly and helpful while I was in there care
Nurses are understaffed and overworked. More staff is needed.
Nurses could definitely have been friendlier. Seems they were not happy to have to be at work. When you are nervous, they should be nice and friendly. It makes a difference.
Nurses did not ensure roommate could operate call button and did not respond to her calls for help. I pushed my button for her about every 30 min throughout the night. When nurses came in they were loud and left the lights on, my doctor was terrible and the stay here was a waste of time.
Nurses don't seem to care about your problems. Having a sliver of metal deeply embedded in my cornea and waiting 6 hours to even see someone is an insult not once was I checked on or offered pain relief. Considering the dr. said it was an extremely difficult removal you'd think something could have been done Sadly, the general consensus is if you go to XXXXXXXXXX emergency you will die waiting!
Nurses excellent Doctor vague + no post hospital directions Food - good but lacked salt option Excessive room + hall noises resulted in anxiety + unrest Insurance covered private room Not offered I had to ask many questions
Nurses tried to get a doctor to look at results of ankle X-ray for our daughter. But they were too busy. I needed to know if it was broken Too tired and exhausted from waiting we returned home. Came back two days later and got results Will never go on a XXXXXX night again
Nurses very busy Dr XXXXX was very helpful. I was treated very well. My complaint was the long wait
Nurses were all wonderful.
Nurses were excellent
Nurses were extremely inconsiderate towards all patients & us. We were ignored and spent the whole time listening to nurses laughing together & not caring about anyone Couldn't be bothered to get us a blanket Overheard nurse telling another patient that she is welcome to leave. Baby/toddler next to our room was crying a lot and in a lot of pain & nurses were ignoring them Very bad to see and my daughter says she doesn't want to ever go back Bring back the caring nurses & doctors! The nurse we had was extremely rude & overheard her being the same way to other patients. We left & went to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX the next day where we were treated good & seen sooner
Nurses were fantastic with me as a frantic mother Doctor barely looked at my son, so gave me a wrong diagnosis. I know now it wasn't an emergency, but still he ordered my baby unnecessary antibiotics
Nurses were very attentive to my needs. Adjusted bed + provided blanket promptly
Nursing staff seemed annoyed by my presence After initial triage, waited 15 mins for nurse to arrive at 'check-in' desk. Did not feel treated - just tolerated Will try to avoid going back.
OK
On a number of occasions nurses went "beyond" to give me comfort so nice that I thought a couple were sprouting angel wings. XXXXXXXXXXXX
On arrival in ER, I was not treated with courtesy and respect
On other visits we have waited several hours. Waited for an xray. It took 5-6 hrs. Symptom was pelvic pain. Xray should have been ordered at triage.
On XXXXX I had to go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and the difference between the two hospital was like day and night. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
On XXXXXXX I injured my right ankle during a soccer game in a immigration migrant work league in XXXXXXXXXX. I was taken to the emergency department by a friend after seeing a doctor, I asked the doctor to put my foot in a cast so it stay in place and he respond saying "its ok with the book and I can take my foot out when it feels uncomfortable." I then went home and in 2 days after my foot feel uncomfortable and decided to go back and check it out while I was at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I was told to do a x-ray and 2 hour after the doctor told the xray was fine and I can go home. I was already book from XXXXXXX to check up on the injured ankle in 2 weeks. When I went to the appointment in XXXXXXX to check on it, the surgeon ask me "Where did I do the xray" amd I told him XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and he then say "that the xray shows the ankle shift and needed surgery right away and the ankle was healing while it shift and told me the day at the appointment that I should go home and drink nor eat nothing after 2 that night for emergency surgery the other day and if I don't do the procedure my ankle would have to freeze or amputate and I chose to surgery to implant hardware. I has stress one out since then till now nobody has no idea I had 2 surgery on the food and it affect me. It affect me mentally and physically till now. I don't know where to seek help cause it hard to get a family doctor in XXXXXXXXXX and been stress sooo much I've never tell no family member how much it stress me cause I've always been a jovial person I feel pain now and then, and the hardware is very uncomfortable in my foot, I wish it come out. I lost my work at XXXXXXXXXXXXX cause I was too stress to follow up with doctor note, cause when I was told told a while after my surgery that I can go back to work due to the xray result in XXXXXXX, but I didn't feel that good in the ankle and mentally. I then do a bone scan check up on it, and now I have to do another scan or test again. I not working now and sooo pure financial as a result of mental state of not working to fulfill my need make me more stress I've ignore family and friend when they try to communicate I hate show how much am done. Giving people my burden is not my thing. I get this form to fill out and ignore it too cause I hate talk about it but I see this form sent back to me again so. Appreciate the concern so I had to fill it out I think if the XXXXXXXXXX department had gave me the right result from the time I was the for check up, I would had booked for XXXXXXX the next day instead of sitting home with the shift ankle healing badly before, then I know the injured would be that bad and I probably would still have my job Again thank you for reaching out to me. From: XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
On XXXXXXXXX I attended w/ my son. He's X + has ADD + needed a Rx renewal for Vyvanse. Our dr is in XXXXXXX. I have no car. Therefore needed to see @ DR/NP @ XXXX emerg to get my son's renewal of meds. Nurse practitioner on duty is excellent + very helpful. I appreciate our hospital very much. I wish I had the NP's name + her nurse but my son's Rx bottle doesn't show her name. She also gave me a ph # to get in touch with NPs here in XXXXXXXXXX + I really am grateful for that Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
On XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX when my mother had gone in the first doctor gave her a strong pain by I.V. The second shift doctor was unaware of it and had to write it down - miscommunication! Can kill someone.
Once admitted I felt very isolated Broken bell, very cold, no light in bathroom.
Once we were seen by a nurse or a doctor, we were happy. But, the wait time is too long for someone who needed attention
One bald headed nurse in your emergency room was totally rude and ignorant and I hope I never have to experience running into him again.
One doctor was bad. One time its dr. (unreadable) Translated from French - We wait too long racism It's 9 hours that's too much Thank you If you look in my file between XXXX and XXXX - I have been operated on for appendicitis and I missed dying, after the operation that I underwent, a nurse came she had a big frizzy black head, strong (unreadable), big and came near my bed and told me you are going this morning I was leaving the operating room! I said, I don't think so. I didn't see the dr. so she didn't lift up the end of my bed and I was asleep and connected on a machine with staff for nausea and after the whole day and all the night I rang to get a calmant and I never saw anyone visiting me and I fell at the bottom of the bed and I was not able to get up and that hurt. I (unreadable) at night at the end of (unreadable) on the floor and that took me some time to feel better after this operation because I had always pain because of when I had fallen My operation was all fresh and it broke something inside I have never spoken because I don't speak English and in addition I am Indian, my father was pure, Indian I think that in this time this nurse would should have practice in the field. Thank you for reading and understanding me. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
One doctor was very nice - the second doctor not as nice. The nurses were very friendly
One nurse was horrible the others were great Had the surgery during COVID 19
One of my former students is a nurse there and helped to give me a dose of the medication I had to get from the pharmacy to give me a head start on treatment.
Only it was little bad smell in the wash room.
Only my original nurse was nice and helpful. I had a CT scan and the needle went interstitial Lots of pain and swelling The note they gave me said to ice it for 15 min. every 1/2 hr. I only got one ice pack, given by the CT scanner. I had to ask for more from nurse. I was there 17 hours (1 hour at doctor in hospital, then 16 hours in ER) One nurse was extremely rude to a patient when he asked for the time Her response was loud and in a public area If you want further info, I have filed a report with the patient advocate I asked 4 different nurses if I could leave as I had my results and I was fine. I told them I had my husband at home alone 2 weeks post - op but they did not care I was not even given a blanket to sleep I was in the hospital from XXXXXXXXXXX @ 1 PM to XXXXXXXXXX @ 7:50 AM I was not given my prescription drugs - one was heart medication which is the reason I was there.
Only to thank the staff for all their effort and help.
Our hospital was very good. We never had one cranky person. We thought amazing!
Our small town attention is returned to as by our hospital staff. Very community centered and happy nurses. Great doctor.
Overall a good experience I had a small myocardial infarction 2 blockages + 2 stents place last heart attack XXXXXXXXXX (slow recovery this time. I also have had 2 mini strokes, 2 heart attacks + C.O.P.D.
Overall care was excellent!
Overall good service.
Overall great experience ER surgery dr amazing
Overall it was a great experience. The doctors and nurses were very helpful, knowledgeable and welcoming. I recommend XXXXXXXXXXX to everyone expecting. The OB unit is amazing.
Overall it was quick.
Overall pleased with exception of 1 ER doctor and 1 floor nurse who did not feel I should be there. Thankful for the ER dr that admitted me and the floor dr.
Overall the best hospital in our area
Patient Deceased Huge need for more nurses at this hospital They were as attentive as they could be, but short staffed cut from the top nop - not nurses!!
Patient succumbed to his declining health during this visit - his condition was grave upon arrival. Care, consideration to family, compassion and diplomacy of staff that day was exemplary.
Perhaps a dr not yelling in the emerg. dept about not getting a break would have made me feel valued Results of scan were delayed too quickly + incorrectly
Pharmacy staff did not identify themselves prior to initiating personal questions & seemed offended when asked who they were It was deplorable that dry, crusted feces was caked onto the front of the toilet and housekeeping was offended at having to clean the bathroom Hands on assessment and availability to obtain assistance with personal care when needed was nonexistent (ie nursing not once assessed affected body part)
Physicians opinion we were wasting his time.
Pleasant visit - good care - very pleasant staff Stayed overnight at doctor's request to have blood work next morning
Pleasantly surprised how fast + smoothly my emergency went. Liked the staff (doctor, nurse + administration). Much faster + pleasant than overworked XXXXXXXXXX
PLEASE - I answered as best as I remember. Visited ER twice by ambulance - once for vertigo + once due to severe back pain (muscle spasm). I live alone I could not walk because of severe pain BUT neither of these events were death threatening therefore spent several hours until attended!
Please do not send to me any more questionnaire. I'm too old to answer any question. Thank you.
Please put more doctors or nurses on staff during cold and flu season. There were so many sick kids it held up the flow of service to adults. Otherwise excellent service here.
Plse note: on XXXXXXXXX my wife took me to the emergency dept with an extreme sore shoulder. After waiting 5 1/2 hrs. in 6 PM a nurse saw me and instructed me to take Tylenol and to return the next day for ultrasound and x-ray That was done in 1/2 hr (1 - 130 PM I waited five hours and was not seen by a nurse or doctor Then I went home
Polite, efficient, friendly, confident, professional, and caring. These descriptive terms apply to all staff. XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXX thank you all
Previous heart problems & ulcers.
Prompt, courteous professional
Provide/offer food snacks for those who are there for + 2 hrs and have not eaten or are waiting during lunch, dinner, breakfast
PSW were great!
Put back into waiting room after triage & after making me register myself - even though I was experiencing pain from a cardiac incident I was admitted to cardiac care about 13 hours later Further treatment was required
Q 33 Wait too long to get care!
Question #29- the nurse made a follow-up appt. with my family doctor for me
Quicker response In room drs should be quicker
Quickest time through an Emergency Dept., just one other patient, I think Emerg. not busy because of Covid 19. Usually have had 6-8 hour wait. This visit ended up being referred to my eye doctor.
Re #6 - I asked if I could get my medications list out of my purse which was only 3 ft away and the nurse was too impatient to let me get my purse. I had recently changed and dropped some medications. I had waited 5 hours in the waiting room and didn't appreciate being rushed nor did I feel it was safe. Not sure how to answer #12, because like another occasion with the same doctor, he lied and told me that Toradol is for pain. Re #19 - I was in the exam room for only 10-15 minutes - the nurse was there the whole time also re #23. Re #34 - after my emerg visit to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I had to visit an emerg dept two more times. I chose a hospital in XXXXXXX. The doctors I've encountered in the emergency department don't introduce themselves. They also make me feel as if I am a terrible inconvenience to them, just for coming. I don't trust them and I am afraid every time I go there. I am worried about having a sudden crisis such as a heart attack or stroke because they've done nothing to make me feel that I will be well cared for.
Re : the nursing evaluation section, there was only one nurse whom I had who seemed somewhat jaded and indifferent, she did however do her job. My roommate, to be fair, was quite demanding and "call button" happy. This became annoying for me and the nurses on duty. But they did their jobs nevertheless. Thank you for the work you all do in these covid trying times
Reason - blood pressure pump did not deflate and blew the blood vessel in my arm, so was hospitalized to correct the problem, as of XXXXXXXX still not returned to normal stage will take time but gradually color returning
Reason went to ER had chest pains XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX would not see me
Reasons for visit on-going pain management every 3 weeks care and speed of staff is impeccable every time
Received fast referral
Sat in emergency 7 hours after seeing dr. before I knew what was happening - then I went in search of a nurse at desk who told me I was staying. Food was cold - not even warm but cold.
Saw NP within 1 hour of arriving said I needed ultrasound She did not order it had to wait for MD who I saw 3 1/2 h after arrival waited again for U/S no one told me they had to call someone in Would have been quicker if NP had ordered U/S while tech was still at work. Waste of financial resources No one checked on me for over an hour after U/S tech brought me back to ER U/S tech was great.
Seem to have a morale problem in bloodwork department.
Service is excellent! Wait time is way too long when you are injured + do not feel well Diagnosis would have been quicker and more specific if an ultrasound could have been performed Emergency doctor unable to book. Had to leave + book ultrasound on my own the next day actual diagnosis never attained until an ultrasound 8 days after emergency visit
Several months ago I had a male nurse who had a terrible time inserting a intravenous + taking blood - horrible experience
Short staffed, nurses overworked
Shorter waiting time.
Should be area to wait for people with flu or bad colds. I did not want to cough on everyone else even with a mask on while I sat there for 4-5 hrs
Should have oxygen to go home
Should listen most to your family doctor when he send them a request to have you admitted. I was very happy they called me back three days later and was admitted. I got great care for the 6 days I was there
Since this visit was on a holiday XXXXXX all other clinics were closed. The waiting time was understandable.
Since XXXX heart attack 2 - throat blockages Hypothermia 3 times for stitches Care has been satisfactory every time XX
Sitting behind the counter relaxing an sharing conversations instead of trying to keep thee emerg flowing efficiently this includes doctors, staff
So glad a nurse practitioner was on-duty to apply XXXXXXX stitches - otherwise our waiting room stay would have been hours! Very nice practitioner, but I forget her name.
So very thankful the nurses and doctors were there to help with my 'mystery illness'. I ended up being admitted for five nights due to extremely low sodium count which the doctors had a hard time bringing back up to normalize it. Everyone at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were very helpful, professional, courteous, and caring. Thank you for saving my life!
Some friends have nothing good to say. Decent XXXX
Some nurses were judgmental, came across rude. Longest wait I've had in an emergency room. Need a better system! Nurses need either rest or lessons on how to talk to patients properly.
Some of the nurses (males & female) went out of there way to help me with my cold feet at night - bring warm blankets, rub my feet, check if I was okay. XXXXXXXXX
Some of the nurses were very patient and caring, especially the nurses in the OR the younger nurses in Step Down, were rude impatient and not helpful. They treated my mother like a child and talked to her like an idiot. This was not the case with the older more experienced nurses. The young pharmacists were very helpful, thorough and caring. The doctors were exceptional. The orientation session was thorough and informative. My mother has dementia. The nurses could have shown more compassion.
Some things went on when I was taken to a strangely set up room. Two women worked on me and my privates were very sore and I bled for 2-3 days Some kind of a glass catheter was ordered by Dr. XXXXX ask him! I had to give my consent but if I knew how much it was going to hurt I would have not signed or agreed to that procedure Never again And my private area was still swollen when I went home after 27 days!
Sometimes if you ring the bell it take too long before the nurse comes a help me
Somewhat difficult because of Covid-19 The staff were respectful
Spend the money - government needs to pay more wait times ridiculous. Need more nurse practitioners and ER doctors. ER doctors are wasting time by having to fill out all the paperwork. The staff are friendly and helpful, underpaid and overworked.
Staff kind and considerate, and very efficient
Staff very kind and helpful.
Staff very pleasant
Staff was excellent, compassionate and considerate
Staff were very kind. 5 1/2 hrs for a doctor to listen to my lungs terrible. Waited for a shift change.
Such a wonderful experience. A+ care.
Surgeon Dr XXX went above + beyond with care Nursing staff although very busy, were compassionate + caring I would go back to XXXXXXXXXX
Takes far too long and no on is in a real hurry to help you
Takes too long for waiting. Try to reduce the waiting as possible .
Thank XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for taking care of me when I was very sick. Thanks to the doctors, nurses & staff.
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you for being there when I needed you!
Thank you for everything.
Thank you for your care. I appreciate you. You always try to help me when I come.
Thank you from XXXXXX the chef XXXXXXXXXXX I know the end of my finger went grew back as a chef it comes with the job
Thank you XXXXXXXXXXX - Very efficient emergency room/staff! - Timely treatment I had an obstructed intestine, time was important.
Thankful.
Thanks to everyone who helped me, now I feel better. My stay was very good
That doctor that was there XXXXXXXXXX is a very good doctor in there were good nurses to. But I've been there many times didn't had a good doctor or nurses in what i don't like if you need to go to the emergency the very long wait But last time was amazing Thanks
That we are very lucky to have me so close
The attending doctor did not think I was experiencing an emergency.
The care and consideration along with patience and respect that was given to me by the EMS attendants was phenomenal, the nurses and doctors were extremely diligent and attentive and caring during my brief ER visit to XXXXXXXXXX
The care I got here was exceptional.
The care I received was excellent. The emergency room was not actually that busy but there was only one doctor. At midnight they called another one in so things went a bit faster..
The care was excellent but staff seemed over worked with not enough help Too bad staff couldn't get full time also so they don't have to work 2-3 jobs to get full time also you get to know your patients better
The care was excellent Two dr were with me on & off through out my visit They updated me with all info before leaving
The care was good at XXXXXXXXXXX The communication with the hospital was poor! We tried numerous times to contact the hospital to find out what was going on with mom No calls back No one was able to go in with her because of the virus lock down.
The care was good once I finally got to see someone wait time was far too long
The care was very good.
The day I was @ the ER there was a unusual situation. One of the other patients was under the influence of drugs/alcohol was extremely loud and belligerent and was escorted by police. Even though this patient caused significant chaos the staff kept on top of my care and those of the other patient
The doctor & nurses were wonderful. It was simply a really busy day only issue due to Covid. I was on my own with a concussion & unable to answer some questions due to memory loss. My husband was left in the dark as to what was happening for over 9 hours. Checked in at 2:03 left at midnight - 8 hours before stitches
The doctor and nurses were great very kind and sympathetic. Just felt the wait was a little too long!
The doctor didn't want to give me the time of day. I kept asking questions & I was brush off & rushed & told to go home. Not professional at all. This was 3rd day in row & was wait for test results & cause & got nothing. Not happy.
The doctor I had was the best. Can't remember her name but excellent with explaining and helping improve my situation. Thank you!
The doctor I saw was excellent in the care and professionalism I felt comfortable and relaxed. We have some new physicians and they are great people & drs. Nurses are efficient and friendly and helpful.
The doctor that was seeing patient before us was rude. However our doctor was very polite. By the time we got to see the doctor the side effects of the medication were all worn off (4 hours)
The doctor was excellent He stitched up my finger and told me how to clean and take care of my finger and told me to follow up with my family doctor to remove my stitches in one week. The nurses were excellent as well I had very good care.
The doctor was rude and did not give me enough time to explain. I spent too long waiting for treatment.
The doctor was very rude and spent less than 5 minutes and not even addressing my problem. I was going to report him. This doctor should be reported
The doctors and nurses were all great.
The doctors and nurses were extremely compassionate and information
The doctors and nurses were the best I ever had. I am XX yrs old and helped me when I needed it. I would tell anybody about my stay and the excellent care I got I have had 3 generations of family all born here
The Dr. & nurses excellent Waiting time is terrible
The dr. who took care of me wasn't very nice. Needed stitches and was quite rough + aggressive. Pried the wound open without compassion, same with when he froze him for stitches. Have never had stitches before. Dr. could have been more gentle or tell me what he was going to do. After all I am XX and have never had this done before.
The emergency dept lost my paper work that would get me to a specialist in XXXXXXX After five days I called the nurse practioner at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX + she got it straightened out
The emergency dept was very well maintained the staff was very good! They attended to me ASAP and I appreciate it a lot thanks Keep up the good work!
The emergency doctor was really supportive and detailed in checking everything medical with my body. Pleas give him kudos for job well done. Male doctor roughly XX years old, short black hair
The emergency treated me right away due to my disability/medical condition. I am happy with the entire service
The emergency wait time was extremely slow - and no one was called upon for at least 5 hours
The ER doctor diagnosed me with nothing he could see wrong was admitted right after & surgery next day He also questioned about my beliefs unnecessarily - I have a legal document with my wishes. He had no right to harass me!
The ER stay was quite bad - not on a part of the nurses themselves. They were kind and polite. However, when I arrived by ambulance at 3 am, treatment wasn't administered until around 11 am. Either understaffed, or slow moving, I spent the bulk of that time lying on a terrible bed alone. This verbal review is simply an observation that the ER portion of the hospital lives up to its reputation of being quite bad.
The experience would have "completely" different if there was an update from "anyone" every 30 min - you sit in a room for 2 hours with no updates Have the for got you? Information is power & comforting
The first impression was 3 women sitting close together when I walked in was a little shocking as we are supposed to be 2 m apart. With a head lat no one asked about blood loss or checked on me for over 45 min
The food served was not tasteful or couldn't eat at all.
The food was excellent + the person in charge went out of her way to make sure with my dentures that I could eat! She was excellent + I really appreciated her help. XXX
The food was very yummy! Thank you for the great support I"m thankful for it It made an unideal situation quite bearable
The hospital staff were great I can't say enough about them.
The hospital we have near sometimes the wait up to 10 hr if you taken by car not a lot of dr in our area
The lab girl was really horrible (in room) - The washroom in room was horrible - Lab girl was bad (in ER) - Unable to have even a book - No magazine
The last 2 physicians we encountered were top notch professionals. They listened intently and showed overall care & concern. Dr. XXXXXXX facilitated a referral to a neurologist that we had been waiting months to see. He also started her on (unreadable) which hadn't been done on previous ER visits.
The length of time we spent there too long!
The lighting in most ER rooms are too bright Need dimmers when the wait is long.
The male nurses were always gentle + polite. Young females only sometimes. Those who were stood out apart from the others - older females were usually better. I had heard most of these comment from other former patients. Appreciate referral to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX help though most of their staff not needed The one who was - exercises was best of this whole experience XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The medical staff, sh owed and gave respect, knowledge and courtesy to me while in the emergency room. So glad I had those individuals who were there that night.
The NP on duty took excellent care of me while I suffered symptoms from a concussion. This experience was excellent, past ones have not been as good
The nurse and nurse practitioner were kind and efficient but very busy hence the 3 hour visit.
The nurse I had was absolutely amazing, having someone compassionate made this difficult experience a little easier I also appreciated how she inquired on how my husband was handling it
The nurse practitioner I saw could have dealt with many visits to that emergency room. Most of the people who were with me those two nights could have been prescribed medication and visited their doctor the next day I live in a small town and the people I knew from teaching in the community did not have a regular doctor, consequently they have to visit the emergency room when clinics close! Both my visits were after 8 pm. No clinics open after 8 pm! If I had gone to a walk in clinic, I've always had good success! Less than and hour wait. My emergency room experiences were positive. The followup at the local clinic was exceptional. A 5 hour wait seems extreme but my car mechanic never sees me when I need him after 8 pm. We live in the best country in the world. It sickens me that people complain about our medical system, which far surpasses the U.S.! My comments to people who complain is move back to your country of origin or if you were lucky enough to be from XXXXXX, be grateful and "shut the fuck up! My visit was thorough, but thanks for the opportunity to respond! I know a trip to "confession" next XXXXXXXX is in order! Thanks for great job.
The nurse that helped during my ER visit was exceptional patient & kind The physician was quick, did not give detail to xray results & blood test & did not inform myself that IV abx & nebulizer dose would be given in ER
The nurse was exceptionally good. She was able to get proper air mattress for me so my skin grafts and spinal hardware were accommodated. She gave pain med as necessary and was very personable. Answered all our concerns.
The nurse/practitioner & nursing staff were 2nd to none so caring, cheerful & friendly. I couldn't have asked for better care. N/P was XXX - Fantastic
The nurses + drs were great However I was told I had to go to emerge and couldn't leave because I was exhibiting symptoms of Covid. They left me in the waiting room w/ difficulty breathing, body aches and vomiting w/ people sitting next to me ... for 3 1/2 hours! Thank God, I didn't have Covid or everyone in that waiting room would have been infected The only reason why I visited the hospital was for a Covid test
The nurses and nurse practitioner XXXXXXXXX were all very nice and treated XXXX very well along with keeping in touch with family since XXXX has mental health conditions. NP XXXXXXXXX was wonderful Thank you.
The nurses in Emergency Depart should focus more on the patients.
The nurses on all shifts were very helpful, consoling, compassionate Very pleased Thankful for their treatment + care
The nurses on the OB floor are amazing. Thank you to XXX & XXX - your care was outstanding I am so grateful. Dr. XXXXXXX provided compassionate care What a wonderful place to have a baby.
The nurses spent more time standing around having social - hr than attending to patient care There were people brought in by ambulance on stretchers being left in hallways for extended periods of time. Not enough doctors and extremely sub-par emergency care. This hospital is absolutely terrible
The nurses that I had during this stay were fantastic. The doctor that I had this time also did everything he could and advised me what to do next time.
The nurses were amazing even though they were super busy The MD who cared for me was terrible. HOrrific bedside manner, pre-occupied, no eye contact and no explanation regarding tests performed.
The nurses were awesome/patient. I believe the doctor had been on call and was rather brusque with his actions. He pushed my patience to the max and I refused to react
The nurses were excellent with my X year old daughter. The doctor was very patient and kind. I understand the wait time as they were really busy that night.
The nurses were great but the doctor was arrogant and dismissive. The nurses said they would run tests and the doctor came in and said they weren't sending me home with nothing to alleviate my problem. Would not go back to this doctor ever again.
The nurses were very caring and compassionate. This was true for the initial visit to the emergency and to a followup to remove stitches. I feel I was treated with dignity and not as a number, so much better than going to XXX hospital in XXXXXXX.
The nurses whom provided care to me XXXXXXX & XXXX where awesome and very professional, caring and respected my dignity.
The nursing staff did an exemplary job The doctor had such a thick accent that after asking his name 3x I still don't know I the doctor said I needed antibiotics He told me to go to my family physician to get them
The nursing staff had a couple of unruly patients that night. I do not envy their job. They handled themselves very well from what I could hear and nothing escalated to make me feel unsafe. Good work by all staff.
The nursing staff on the 4th floor accommodate to all needs and care about and go out of their way to ensure you are taken care of. They developed me beyond and above to the day and night shift I say thank you!!!
The nursing staff was very nice and accommodating. They were very attentive and aware of my needs. Thank you to all
The one thing that was a bit disappointing was the cafeteria hours. We had to follow up on some tests for our newborn the week after and it was never open when we were there during the day.
The only complaint I have is the extremely painful covid test I was given. I have heard from many that it was not painful for them which makes me wonder if the nurse doing my test is qualified to do so. I don't remember her name, but I'm sure it would be in my records. I would appreciate having this matter looked into If preventable, she should not be allowed to inflict such pain on others As for the rest of the nurses, I can't praise them enough for their kind, loving, patient and willing attitudes. They were so awesome. Thank you.
The only complaint I have was inability to choose my own food with repeated dietary mistakes daily during 14 day stay. Drs & nurses were wonderful.
The only complaint I have was the 4 1/2 hours to see a doctor.
The only issue I had was the COVID screener was not pleasant at all Eye rolling & not pleasant when asked questions Emergency dept was great!
The only problem I had at the hospital was that at night the staff was so loud - it felt like they where having a party out in the hall every night all night
The only reason I say that I wouldn't recommend is that I live outside the community hospital is located in
The only thing I would change is the food. The hospital should let you choose your meals. I didn't really eat for the 2 days I was there because I didn't like the food.
The only thing we noticed that housecleaning went room to room cleaning with the same rag Cleaned the bathroom & toilet then the sliding doors handles with the same rag never changed it.
The OR and hospital stay was amazing Had to go back XXXXXXXXXXXXX to ER where I was treated like a farm animal I would appreciate a call to explain in detail what happened XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXX Thank you
The paramedics were amazing people, the facility was clean, quiet and very organized. Every nurse was kind, patient and understanding. No long waits for anything and all services came within less than 10 minutes. (Unreadable) is just and acceptable. Overall amazing experience and personally I'd rate it 5 stars. Thank you for everythinhg, we all appreciate very much.
The paramedics were very good My husband has dementia + I am care giver his wife Overall the stay at the hospital was excellent!
The pillows aren't fully Some of the meals Not different breakfast one one to scrambled eggs every second day.
The procedure that was put in place for a pre interview outside the hospital is fantastic and very well conducted.
The reason I did not put positive answers related to doctors was because the only doctor I saw was in the emergency room. The doctor did not visit my room during my stay of 4 days. All of the care and communication was done by the nurses and nurse practitioners. I really appreciated that XXXX especially kept my wife informed after each test. I know this helped relieve any stress she might have been experiencing. A big thanks to all that helped me.
The reason I didn't answer all the questions is because I was to sick to remember what actually happened.
The room I was treated in was very comfortable with a toilet and sink room, much appreciated. The flu had given me diarrhea I appreciated the privacy to care for my toileting needs. Large enough to accommodate my walker.
The room was cold, a window unit was blowing cold air continually + could not apparently be shut off.
The service I received was second to none Very courteous + professional.
The service was efficiently given I was pleased to how quickly things went, the visit was shorter than expected.
The staff @ XXXX are amazing. Would like to give credit where credit is due. Being understaffed is not easy. They deal with the public being rude to them, witnessed this first hand during my visit. They were amazing to me. Thank you!
The staff at the hospital especially CCU all where the best nurses I have ever had Thanks again for my stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The staff at this facility is absolutely marvelous. I totally enjoyed everyone of them. God bless them all.
The staff did not assist me when I needed to use a washroom -- they brought a commode chair and sat it beside the bed -- my husband had to help me out & back in bed in using the commode chair
The staff during + after my stay were amazing. Thank you for such great care. I love our local hospital one day would be proud to work here
The staff in the trailor were terrific all 4 times. My XXXXXXXXX visit, Dr XXXXXXX treated me with respect and listened to me. The visits on XXXXX, X, & XX, the doctors brushed me off, especially on the XXXX. He said there's nothing else I can do for you, and forgot to send the request for a ultrasound.
The staff in this department were excellent very professional fantastic
The staff is hard working work together as a team always friendly always there for you under a great deal of pressure lucky to have them here also love to hear the tune when a baby is born!
The staff needs more information on how to deal and help assist a person with severe anxiety Especially when the patient is having a full blown attack The RN should never say "Well why did you even bother to come here then" when I was in extreme pain and having an anxiety attack. Wait times also EXTREME Need more staff and doctors!
The staff was fantastic, but the hospital is in desperate need of repair/renovation.
The staff were all very friendly and fun to be around. During covid times things seem more uncertain and it's definitely hard to not be able to have family with you at the hospital but the staff and doctors made it very comfortable and the jello was delicious!
The staff were great and went over and above including getting up room at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for admission so we could go straight to the floor.
The staff were great but the wait was too long.
The staff were great, surgery was successful. Dr. did prescribe a med I couldn't take due to an ulcer that was identified. So I had no pain med for a day after the surgery. But it was okay in the end.
The staff worked very hard and at times could use more nurse help, they had to many of us at times but still did a great job.
The stretcher was very uncomfortable to stay the night in, especially with degenerative disc disease
THe traige nurse lacked compassion and personality! She was almost rude!
The transport care I received during the ride back to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was horrible. That company should be investigated (XXXXXXXXXXXX).
The triage nurse at the hospital during my visit was AMAZING. She was compassionate, professional + caring. Her care made the hospital experience better.
The ultrasound tech lady was rude and not sensitive about my anxiety.
The visit was to introduce an IV for ceFAZolin to treat osteomyelitis. The second visit was the same day as the ceF intravenous bag was defective, it squirted the nurse ... I got dose #2 in ER. I was PICC'ed the next day.
The visit was too long before you see the dr. I waited 8 hours before I seen a dr. Much to long.
The wait in emerg was long to be admitted
The wait is too long!! Radiology should be open after 5:00pm so we don't have to come back for test!
The wait is too long.
The wait time in emergency is terrible I witnessed many people that required immediate care including myself, but nothing ever gets done to improve this problem.
The wait time in the Emergency Room is terrible Need to focus on cutting wait time for patients. Very disappointing to see people suffer.
The wait time is way to long, I don't have any other complains.
The wait time to first see a doctor But the care was very good after I saw the doctor + nurses
The wait time was way to long this time. It isn't usually too bad at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
The wait times are far too lengthy. I think the doctors and nurses are doing their best but they are not staffed enough to cover the workload
The wait to see a doctor took way too long. There were other patients that came in after me that saw a doctor and left while I waited in pain. No one ever followed up to see how I was doing during my stay. The doctor stated he decided to come see me after he realized I've been waiting for 9 hours. When I tried calling the next day for my ultrasound results, I got the run around from the emergency department and medical records department. It took me 3 phone calls in a 4-5 hour span to get an answer about my results.
The wait was long and exhausting. They were very busy and the dr.s & nurses did their best to do things in a timely matter.
The wait was long because they were waiting for a room for hospital admission. The initial ER testing, etc took only 3 - 4 hours but it took another 2 to be admitted Happy to have XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX & ER.
The wait was long, my son was hungry and the dr. seemed good but quick No one checked on us while we waited
The wait was too long to see a doctor I arrived at around 1:30 pm I did not see a doctor 'till 10:45 pm. Then I waited until around 11:15 pm for the doctor to bring me a prescription
The wait was way too long - 6 hrs.
The wait was way too long as always. When a patient is in pain, waiting 3-6 hours it is inhuman. We only blame the Government for this The hospital staff: Drs and nurses do everything the can is their power to help us.
The waiting period is too long
The waiting time is ridiculous If you are a senior like my mom they should be taken in immediately The healthcare system is broken
The walk in clinic doctor said it was the appendicitis at the emergency the said it was not a tumor or cancer or infection and then they sent me home that's it.
The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX needs a serious audit on management consistent safe care is not a priority.
The young nurse and head nurse that day XXXXXXXX should be reprimanded for the terrible way I was treated I had to be sent by my family dr, to XXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXX for emergency surgery after I was told to leave XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I had been admitted for constipation but obviously it was so much more serious dr. and nurses didn't take my condition seriously. I ended up with double ostomy surgery 2 days after I was released from XXXXXXXXXX even though I begged to stay that something else was wrong!
Therapy from XXXXXXX was terrific got me walking.
There has to be a better way for food trays So much wasted food because of Covid. A choice menu would be worth having. I threw out so much unopened food. Felt very guilty knowing how many homeless people are hungry. Special thanks to all who helped me get better The food I did eat was really good.
There is a lot to be said about this visit and a formal complaint will follow a XX yr old girl overdosed and was taken by ambulance to hospital I was told to phone the ER to see how she was I phoned up on her arrival and was told to phone in 1 hr as she was at registration by herself (having overdosed on a psych med and fairly stuporous She could have been injured or fled as no one was with her throughout the evening I phoned and was given little information about her status Poison control stated she was toxic and given activated charcoal In the AM it was decided that all of a sudden a parent could attend They needed consent for OTN Phase 2 rules stated she was a minor and could be accompanied and this has lead to post traumatic issues with said minor not to mention her family Why this has taken lightly and thought it would have no impact on the patient and family is to have staff that are not knowledgeable nor empathetic to psychiatric patients when I arrived we did OTN, she was not attended to unless I had to get her a blanket and had to get her food as there was no tray for her an entire day before we left via transport She was offered juice This was simply unacceptable I once had some faith restored in this hospital and will proceed to another hospital in the future.
There should be more than 1 dr there when busy. Nine hours before seeing a dr is way to long.
There should be three separate services: the regular ER for life- threatening physical health issues, an Urgent Care unit for physical health issues that need treatment but aren't life- threatening, and a Mental Health unit for mental/emotion crises. It doesn't make sense that they are all in the same queue waiting to see the same doctors, even if the queue changes based on 'need'; sometimes people suffering from Mental Health issues could get the care they need by talking face- to- face to a counsellor! When I am suffering a mental crisis, I feel guilty for getting in queue with people who are sick or in pain, when they clearly need help from a doctor and I just need a counsellor. Sometimes the ER is packed, everyone waiting and suffering, and I end up leaving the hospital and struggling through the mental crisis alone. The doctors/nurses are often overworked and can be crabby (they are people too!). The system sucks for everyone.
There was little nutritious food to eat I had pop & a chocolate bar for lunch but given the circumstances of the Covid it is likely a given (I used the vending machine)
There was one nurse who yelled at me to visit my doctor after doing an EKG as nothing showed reg a heart attack. The heart attack showed in blood enzyme. I have a huge problem with your OBGYN nurses.
There was only one other patient in the ER with me. The doctor and nurses were chatting for hours at the ER desk, and the only person who checked on me (as he happened to go by) was the night security man.
There were 3 consecutive visits to ER for intravenous antibiotic because of a serious infection. After 3rd visit my file was forwarded to XXXX to complete the 7 day course so the 2nd and 3rd visit. I had to wait hours for treatment.
There were so many in waiting room - and when I finally went to cubicle no doctor ever came I finally left after many hours. I signed out. Staff said they were calling a second doctor to come in - but after several hours - I left.
There were times I was left on my own for hours with no communication from staff. Treatment took a long time to receive, dr. seems to be in a hurry to get done talking with me. I came to find out what my problem was, not what it wasn't.
They all work very hard. We need to have CT scan & an ultrasound available 2 y house I went home and came back XXXXXX. Same doctors same nurse. Was admitted and had surgery If we had CT & ultrasound would have made things much more easy but doctor & nurses are great Just a bad year for me. They are always busy.
They are very professional!!
They can only do what they can do and when they can do it
They don't have pillows & I have a very bad neck which was very aggravated because I had no pillow. They told me to use my jacket which was slippery material, so I had to go without! Sad sad sad!!!
They found through testing (cat scan + x-rays) that I had a perforated intestine was admitted and had emergency surgery with in 24 hrs Very thankful to all of the health care team
They have a great team. Dr. XXXXXX is excellent to have helping people. Very down to earth and calm.
They have been most professional Given my med reactions, there was a concern + was dealt with in both a kind + helpful manner.
They have improved so much since my last visit.
They lost my health card. Care was good Paramedics were great!
They need more doctors in emergency room because we do not need to wait long time They have the money for 2 more doctors.
They need to provide better care, less wait times. Doctors need to take time for a better diagnosis and the right diagnosis. I was diagnose with a hematoma and I actually have a sarcoma tumor which is incurable
They put me in a room for so long I almost got up and left The hospital was better before they changed the name and improved it.
They sent me home in a taxi and gave a chit to pay. The nurse put socks on my feet as I came in a nighty and gave me a sheet to cover myself.
They sent me home with the pain I came in with - and said see your doctor - Took 5 DAYS. All they did was a blood test and said I did not have a heart attack and sent me home with the same pain I went in with.
They try to get to you as fast as they can.
They were always respectful, but the times were long, sometimes I had to wait over 1/2 hour before I saw anybody. I was cold and didn't have a button to call for help.
They were excellent
They were extremely busy! They did the best they could during this COVID pandemic.
They were very thorough and courteous.
Things should be taken in order of health conditions as well as arrival.
This ER visit was the 2nd in XXX. Had to go back for a 3rd on XXXX. Changed antibiotic and reduced prednisone to (unreadable)
This form was filled out with XXXXXXXXX help as he is developmentally delayed This caregiver accidentally gave him his entire day medicine in the morning. When his sister got to the hospital, about 5 minutes after the ambulance, XXXXXXX was propped up with a vomit cup under his chin. He had vomited and it was on shirt He was treated poorly either because they though he was a drug addict or he is intellectually slow I had to look up what to do with a Vimpat overdose. He was so dizzy that he was vomiting for 8 hours. Finally after I insisted, he was given fluids through an IV and some medication to help with his nausea. XXXXXXX has an epilepsy disorder and is developmentally delayed with low vision There was a fellow across the hall who was brought in by the police for a DUI. The security office at the hospital was trying to watch him while doing his work The man with the DUI kept trying to take out his IV, with a knife, scissors and he kept trying to leave We felt unsafe too. Some nurses were very good. Another one tried to make XXXXXXX go home while he was still vomiting and dizzy. They were trying to make him eat and drink, which made him more sick. The doctor only came once at the beginning to see him in an 8 hours period His sister and I, his mother, stayed with him Finally after his IV medication, given intervenously, he was feeling a bit better. With the use of a wheelchair he was brought to the car by me. We try to avoid this emergency department. Last year, while on vacation, we visited the ER in XXXXXXXX where we received excellent care. After a seizure and ambulance ride I wish I could have more faith in the ER nearest us. Thank you.
This hospital is always my choice for emergency visit I could go to XXXXXX or XXXXXXXXXX but always choose XXXXXXXXXX because the ward is not as long and the staff are always pleasant and the care great in my experience
This hospital is the best I have ever experienced dignified, professional & caring!
This hospital should be very glad to have this exceptional doctor (Dr XXXX). OTher doctors would not touch me for surgery. I am so glad this man is here, there are other women I know that need his help & have & will be contacting him. The biggest problem I had with this hospital was that I had to wait too long for the surgery. He should be allowed more operating time. Dr XXXX is a wonderful man I have never been treated so respectfully by a dr as he did me. I was & am very confident in him & his abilities.
This is done to the best of our ability to remember the particular visit to the emergency.
This is from my stay XXXXXX - XX - fell out of bed multiple times while at the hospital - laid on the floor in my own filth
This is the first visit we were taken to a side area for treatment and were seen a lot faster than usual. Definitely need this to continue for needs such as these that may not be critical but patient needs to be seen before things get critical when their doctors office isn't open
This last visit was quick, cause it was at 2 AM, but normally the wait could range from 2-4 or more hours wait. I believe there should be more staff on call when it does get busy, to hurry up the people that really need to get care quicker.
This latest visit was excellent.
This particular ER visit was the last of eight previous trips within the past 4 weeks. Due to the severity and location of my laceration - medical staff wanted to monitor my healing process every 3 - 4 days. My family doctor was only available for phone consultations so I relied on XXXX for this. On XXXXXX, I saw the nurse practitioner for the last time, The medical staff were always informative, compassionate and proactive. I was never concerned about contracting COVID 19 during any ER visits. Amazing hospital, amazing staff!
This particular time, because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the emergency dept. got me in and out quickly Prior to the pandemic, previous visits took hours upon hours to be seen and dealt with. This incident proves to me that emerg can get people in and out a lot quicker than they usually do For their safety, they moved much faster than normal That's disturbing to me
This questionnaire was answered based on my X yr old daughter's visit answers are based on her health and her visit.
This visit has completely turned me off of emergency departments. I will likely not seek care and hope issue goes away. I am XX This was my first alone experience and NO ONE LISTENED OR TOOK ME SERIOUSLY. I was alone and scared and wanted one of my parents with me. Anyone with me to help me understand or focus as I was in pain or ask for medication or a blanket for me. In a gown for 6 hours with NO blanket. During the 6 hours I would be kind in saying that a nurse checked in on me twice. Covid or no Covid every patient should be allowed one person to listen, advocate and help the patient. I feel sorry for the old person who is confused in pain possible hard of hearing that needs to seek emergency care as I had a hard time paying attendance because I was cold in pain scared and ALONE! It is not right. Patients advocate hours are not emergency friendly.
This visit was excellent However - 2 weeks before that I was in emerge from 2:00 pm to 10:45 pm. All I had was a blood test - no echo. I saw a doctor at 10 15. He asked what he could do for me. I had to explain to him that I was there because an xray showed fluid on my lungs. He prescribed 7 days of water pills Other people (including myself) were just as long - some left - people were upset to say the least
This visit was good. Thank you for improving yourselves. The time waiting has greatly improved.
This visit was related to my morning sickness during my pregnancy! I was very dehydrated because I was throwing up a lot to the point of dehydration That's why I went to get an IV!
This visit was very efficient however in the past the experience (for the same issue) has not gone as well. Wait time being the reason also. This visit I received a followup call from the nurse practitioner, which was appreciated
This visit was very good but the previous 2 visits was not good. - Waited to see doctor a very long time - Nurses stick you in a room & ignore you - No call bell given
This was a scheduled appointment to have a squamous cell cancer removed - with success. Thank you.
This was a XX month old child with a long medical history and problems He should have been seen on the day shift but was passed over to afternoon. The dr on afternoon was frustrated that he wasn't seen. I was talked down to with no respect. I was provided the dr on duty with family dr's office # ER # personal cell # with no responses from ER dr only after I identified myself as a retired nurse did I get respect This critically ill child spent hours sitting in the ER waiting room getting sicker due to a compromised immune system. Then hours in an examining room before a decision to transfer him to XXXXXX was made if the family dr was contacted a lot earlier this long wait could have been avoided. This child received O2 in the ambulance and once in XXXXXX was admitted to hospital - pediatric critical care unit x9 days This child had a lot of medical problems and should never have had to wit 12 hrs before a decision was made
This was filled out on behalf of my XXXXXXXXXX daughter
This was one of the quickest most efficient visits to Emergency Dept. I had been to our doctors office the day before this visit. They gave me (unreadable) only - didn't address the problem directly
This was the most efficient, quick visit we've had at emergency. It was a very positive experience, despite the circumstances.
This was the second visit for the same problem. My family doctor insisted that I go to the emergency dept by ambulance The first visit was a disaster and I wish that this questionnaire was about that visit
This was the worst hospital visit, taking a XX year old 45 minutes away from home then telling him to find his own way home when he lives 6 min from hospital. Telling him he needs to find his own way home and not once in the 6 hours he was there did anyone see him.
Thought I should have had some type of blood work. Was diagnosed with a bruised liver/rib was Rx Trancot intracartilage damage rib left side Badly bruised 8 weeks recovery... still sore XXXXXXXX
Times it takes to get care and diagnosis. I realize they are busy and take that into consideration Although government says wait times will diminish there never seems to be results with that problem. I am one that realizes wait times happen
To explain my visit, I was brought via ambulance from an accident. I was told by parametrics that they had scheduled the hospital to ok a full checkup. The doctor came no closer than 10 ft away and never checked anything.
To long in emergency waiting.
Too long of wait in Er waiting room
Too long waiting to see a doctor
Too much waiting time to see a doctor
Took 9 hours from check in to check out - way too long.
Took a long time to be triaged
Took a while to see the doctor.
Took emergency patients that came in emergency department first which I completely agree with.
Took too long
Took too long because the lab changed shifts and only completed 2 out of my 3 blood tests. Waited an extra 1 1/2 hrs
Took tooo long for treatment This is an emergency should not take up to 8 hrs for a senior of XX years old to receive treatment from XXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXX
Translated from French - Thank you very much XXXXXXXXXXXX
Try to avoid this department.
Trying their best but short staff equals overworked equals tires staff Equals mistakes can happy even to good people
Two visits in two days - for sever chest pain - ruled out many things but no specific answers - later self-diagnosed panic attacks & made appt with psychiatrist for confirmation - not enough attn to mental health issues.
Two younger nurses standing at Triage talking & one put her finger up saying one minute was not very professional considering I was having a heart attack - I feel she should have asked what my problem was.
Typically we waited 3 hours before we saw a doctor. That's too long. Experience has taught me that with ESCH, if you go to emerg, stretch the true, in fact lie. Say that your problem is worse than it actually is. That seems to be the only way to get proper care.
Understand with COVID things are difficult Would of wanted stronger meds for pain Not one to take pain pills last time need 2 scripts for pain 5 yrs ago for broken hand multiple area & I just used them so I can sleep
Until they took a test to find out that I had lupus I was an emotional wreck so under question 41 I can only say that I'm glad the experience is over and I hope I don't get it again
Upon arrival to emerge. I sensed the triage nurses weren't happy. It's sad too see the employee's so unhappy. We need to smile more & be friendly even though we aren't feeling it.
Usually when I go to the ER everyone is very good & very helpful, kind & understanding. This day that I attended the ER was full I had to wait until there was a free cubicle They had already by that time had 4 Covid cases. They were really busy. Unfortunately, I came in because I was in excruciating pain and didn't now what was causing it. So having a patient with undetermined pain didn't seem to be a priority. The doctor did a cursory check, I had informed him where the pain was travelling, he focused on my back. I had pain in the front, as well. He gave me a muscle relaxant - but that didn't help my pain. When I was at home the following day I had shingles that spread all around my torso on the (R) side. I was disappointed with this visit I thought the doctor could have spent more time & listen to all I had to say about my pain I felt like I was being treated like I was a "druggie" looking for a "fix", or a hypochondriac Other times I have been to the ER I have been treated extremely well. It is unfortunate that this visit is the one I am doing the survey for.
Very bad. Doctor of first ER visit was very very rude. Did not care about my mom said she was old and there wasn't much to help and that I wanted to admit her to make my life easier. Come to find out 4 weeks later she had a bad spinal cord infection and 2 surgery just left XXXXXXXXXXXXXX still in bad condition. Thanks a lot. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (son)
Very caring thank you
Very clean Thank you.
Very comforting
Very courteous & caring Thank you
Very disappointed Discouraging
Very efficient visit. 3 days later a nurse followed up with me for my kidney stone lab results & follow up care.
Very efficient, friendly, professional, courteous.
Very good
Very good experience. Very helpful with my dad's needs.
Very good Nurse was very kind and helpful - Dr was good -
Very good service!
Very good.
Very grateful for the wonderful care I received.
Very happy to know we are well taken care of, by our medical team at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Thank you XXXXX
Very impressed. Excellent care very happy
Very long wait time, after I'm seen I just get a more comfortable bed. I have allergic reaction (swollen face).
Very nice hospital and staff.
Very pleasant experience
Very pleasant. Fast & helpful.
Very pleased to have access to XXXXXXXXXX site - very expedient and professional care.
Very pleased with care and attention
Very poor communication between nurses and doctors. Each new nurse didn't seem to know where the last one left off, unable to reach doctors very,v ery poor communication organization.
Very satisfied
Very satisfied Easy to understand & caring
Very satisfied with care I received Glad we have this hospital in our community. A big thank you to all who cared for me
Very Thankful to have care and treatment from such dedicated people!
Visit from Dr. XXXXXXXX.
Visited ER & seen by NP, not dr.
Visitors from outside services (public health nurse) should not be allowed to enter room without patient consent. I had a visitor waiting when I came out of bathroom caught off guard, awkward. OB nurses are amazing, completely helpful.
Wait room is very nice Seats high back gave privacy comfortable, tv and free coffee & tea/water - great!
Wait time far too long
Wait time is too long seems to be enough staff but was a very long wait time. Really don't understand why but when seen by dr he was very good and didn't rush with me.
Wait time was due to unstaffing. Staff were doing the best that they could.
Wait time was OK considering the amount of people there.
Wait time. Even once you get in it was even a longer wait.
Wait times are too long.
Wait times could be less than what they are.
Wait times need to be quicker
Wait times too long.
Waited 10 hours to be seen. While waiting the waiting room was not socially distanced or cleaned or wiped. The bathroom where people did their sample pee and some threw up was never cleaned. Once in room service by nurses + doctors and technicians was excellent.
Waited 2 1/2 hrs from the time the ambulance arrived at the hospital waiting in the hall till they took me in to see (the dr without any pain medication.
Waited 7 hours in the waiting room to see a doctor. Then another 4 hours to get results that is way too long the pain was so bad. There was 6 others in front of me. It should have took 4 or 5 hours in total.
Waited a long time before seeing the doctor Once finally seen was given antibiotics and released. Should have been seen sooner Doctor was there for 5 minutes Waited over 2 hours to see the doctor
Waited a long time for a doctor.
Waited too long before seeing a doctor. Not until staff to handle patients. More testing was needed.
Waited too long for doctor. Nurse not courteous. Did not know what was causing lack of oxygen. Admitted only because daughter had said she was taking me to different hospital.
Waited too long for triage. Was having heart issue. Waiting to be seen that long is ridiculous If I was in ambulance it would have been instant.
Waiting room was crazy + noisy. Whole families accompanied patients - no respect for those in pain Kids running around playing games on phones + volumes on phones were high - had to listen to ringing + dinging sounds A long wait made intolerable by other people People need to be limited - aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews do not need to all be there especially when patient walks in or is waiting for an x-ray It was ridiculous. If I hadn't been called in when I was I was ready to leave even though the x-ray showed I had a broken wrist.
Waiting time two long 4 to 6 hr.
Waiting time was far too long - No one came to ask if we needed anything while we waited to see a doctor. - We did not sense a very caring staff.
Waiting to long 3 hours for one to (unreadable) is to darn long Need more staff to help Mothers sitting with babies sick is to long waiting
Was admitted
Was at emergency for about 3-4 hours passed out form lack of oxygen and almost died. Therefore have very little memory Thanks to my (unreadable) waiting to see a doctor
Was hospitalized twice last year. First time my life was saved by hospital staff. I was unconscious and my children made decisions about my care.
Was put in a room within an hour. Three hours in pain before Dr came Nurse came and asked after being in the room for hours if I would like a shot for pain. Could have used the pain shot a lot sooner
Was very fortunate doctors and nurses diagnosed problem quickly and accurately. Staff was professional, kind and I was treated in the utmost respect out of & all the hospitals I have visited. Very appreciative of care that I was given in the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Was very pleased with it the care was excellent the nurse was very caring, the doctor was apologetic because I had to wait. I had a terrific migraine home meds did not help.
Was very uncomfortable and in pain. I found that the nurses were extremely attentive and were genuinely concerned for my welfare Thank you for all your kindness
Way too long of a wait! I came from the US and have never seen anything like this. What a shame!
We always get great service in ER However, from time to time we notice nurses are running rampant due to high number of patients and not enough help.
We are fortunate to have a hospital in our area. Services always good
We are very grateful for the rapid and excellent care we received from the doctors & nurses
We are very thankful for all your help. We appreciate each and everyone there.
We choose XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, Heart from XXXX-XXXX I now have cancer. They have gone above and beyond to care for myself, plus caregivers They are the best hospital. We have been to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX They also are great. Wait times in XXXXXXX are horrifying, my wife had gall bladder, waited 13 hours for care. XXXXXXXXXX, within 30 minutes she was cared for. My fevers - chemo - cared for in 15 minutes XXXXXXXXXX is the best Doctors, nurses, staff efficient
We got through emergency rapidly but had to wait 7 hours to see the doctor!
We had a nurse practitioner take care of us while we were there , instead of a doctor, and she was absolutely wonderful! She listened, then carefully explained and took time to answer my questions, I couldn't have asked for better care.
We have always recommended XXXXXXXXXX to anyone - having any medical procedures and emergency has always been great. This was the first time we were disappointed - triage and the front nurses were great - the doctor was not -
We left without seeing a doctor! After 1.5 hrs we left. Triage nurse was horrible & in such a bad mood. Did not take my daughters symptoms seriously so left and took her to family doctor
We need higher educated doctors in the Hospital so that we don't always have to travel to be looked at and get more testing done
We visited a day earlier with my baby's issue and were sent home. She started coughing till she turned blue and was foaming, so we came back next day which is when they sent us to XXXXXXX which is the only good thing I can say about our visit.
We visited the ER on three occasions prior to admittance. The first two times the place was very busy.
Went in experiencing a lot of pain. Drs believed it was a heart attack developed a rash next day and daughter suggested shingles which was agreed by family dr.
Went in for my X year old daughter - after triage assessment and registration, we went directly to the XXXXXXXXXX, where we were treated with by a Nurse Practitioner.
Went to ER room for stitches or skin glue, I had torn a 3/4 inch of the corner of my nose away from my face. Total time would have taken would have been +- 8 minutes. Was told not important, 8+ hours wait. I waited 1 hour then left. Went home cleaned nose thoroughly, held nose in place and applied some cyanoacrylate glue to wound and completed the repair myself with help of my wife. I suggest that the XXXXXXXXXX ED set up a fast track system much like XXXXXXX. I had seen another patient in the ED with his hand wrapped and blood soaked towel. From chatting with friends, XXXX has a problem with cuts and stitches and people waiting for multiple hours for what would take no more than 10 minutes.
Went to this ER everyday for 2 weeks for dressing changes, nurses were all very kind and level of care was excellent.
What a great hospital
What can I say? 1) The nurse that took care of my late husband was the greatest even the doctors in ER In this ER was the last time I saw my husband alive
When admitted to emg. by ambulance there were 4 other ambulances attendant all lined up at the emg desk. I was on the ambulance stretcher for approx 4 hours till an emg. bed was free. My wife wanted to stay with me at the stretcher but a nurse told her to wait in the waiting room I thought one person could stay with you. The nurse seemed stressed with the 8 ambulance attendants around the desk But she should not have had my wife leave.
When arriving by ambulance care was very prompt. However when returning for follow-up 24 hrs later to ER there was a 3 hr wait to see ER doctor.
When arriving on floor after being admitted, nurse offered snack and water, never came seemed busy and forgot.
When I arrived at the emergency dept I rang bell 5 times in a half hour, before someone came. This is not acceptable!
When I called 911 I had fall and was dizzy & sick to my stomach I could not focus until they put me on the stretcher. At the hospital I was put on the care of a male nurse Took my B/P (unreadable) IV My elbow black and my shoulder was in pain. He did not look at it when I asked for a bed pan He insisted that I get on a wheelchair and brought me to the XXXXXXXXXXXX, shut the door I was dizzy and called he did not respond I continued to ring another nurse come and looked after me when she was finished he came in and she told him start looking after his patient He did not better Between 3-4 hrs. he never came when I vomited my son found some cups and helped me Every time I vomited I was incontinent and asked for clean sheets - when the doctor showed up my B/P 220/100 and I told her I was wet & cold - She said she would get me some help - No one came I went to xray and they change my bed sheet after x-ray it was diagnose concussive gave my a prescription for 1 wk Report to my doctor and got in touch with XXXXXX and someone came to the house because my husband could not take care ((unreadable)) of me I've had no personal care since. I left the hospital with my son a sheet on my shoulder and wet pajamas It was embarrassing. I'm a retired XX at XXXXXXXXXXXX, worked hard and loved every minute of it My husband was admitted on XXXXXXXX very ill and he had excellent care in the emergency and 2 weeks in the hospital I was there every day except 2 days XXXXXXXXXXXX that my daughter was able to replace me They all deserve a metal for the care he received) I have a witness to this survey My son was with me all that time (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX) XXXXXXXX
When I was at the registration while the nurse took the information about my problem she forced me to put the mask because I had a breath shortness but the problem was like a heart attack and I didn't like that.
When I was in emergency exam room, it took very long time to see doctor. Then you would not see a nurse/doctor for like 2-3 hours. They should at least check up on you more often.
When I was told by a nurse that I would be admitted, after blood tests, x-ray + ultra sound the doctor said "it was a good job that you came to the hospital when you did", but he did not tell me the reason!! I was too sick too ask him why!
When I went back the second time the RNP that helped me was top notch. Did everything the doctor should of did the first time I was there.
When I went to emergency about the XXXXX of XXXXXXXXX, after having had an angiogram on XXXXXX, complaining of pain and swelling in my right leg, the doctor on emergency took no tests but sent me home telling me to put ice on the site 20 min on and 20 min off. The pain became unbearable and I returned to emerg on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I was left on the hard bed for 16 hours with no food until midnight when I was given half a sandwich. Then I was transferred to a room where I had a better bed I remained in hospitals in XXXXXXXXXX @ XXXXXXXXXX until XXXXXXXXXXX, if the emergency doctor had taken tests in XXXX and cared for me instead of sending me home, I would not have been in the hospital for an exorbitant cost to the health system. My life was endangered and my ability to walk well has been impaired.
When I went to emergency department I was admitted. I was in the ICU for approx. 1 week and 3 days I had a good service with doctors and nurses. Thank you very much.
When I went to the hospital so Dr. XXXX very slowly. I went for dr. in 3 to 4 hrs. I fed up with dr. Thank you!
When the doctor said we are good to go no one would unhook the intervenous & blood pressure Wife had to ask 6 times took over 1 hour waiting to be able to leave Terrible experience!
When there over 12 hours that's way too long of a day only cause shortage of doctors and nurse should consider adding couple.
When triage I was seen by the nurse before I went to the clinic I found her to be testy - it's too bad. The reception there was less then pleasant I was nervous about being in the hospital at all due to COVID - I happened to mention this - my blood pressure was unusually high - she made me feel BAD. Made a comment that actually made me feel guilty. "We don't want to be here either" It made me feel terrible and I was sorry I said anything about being nervous. "You are all doing an amazing job for us! I realize what you are sacrificing everyday. Personally want to thank you for all you are doing. Thanks again! XXXXX
When you are done seeing someone (nurse, person taking blood work) almost every time when they leave they say someone will be back in to see you in a few minutes, then you wait 30, 60 or more minutes before someone returns.
Where has never been a time in my stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX where I find the doctors nurses and staff completely professional.
Where I was treated courteously at all times it took 5 hours to be seen and I was simply sent home with pain meds and told to follow up with a family practitioner. No effort to diagnose the problem.
While I received excellent care once I was actually seen, the wait is far too long!
While in hospital family designates in charge of decisions from dr's tests - decisions (out come) of tests, because not capable of that for the time being.
Why do they only have one doctor for emergency? Couldn't they have two? One just for small emergencies such as mine. All they had to do was glue my cut together, just this I waited 5 1/2 hrs. Then again there were people who had been waiting all afternoon!! I realize it depends on their situation They may have to see another doctor in the hospital besides the emergency doctor
Why do you need to know this. It has nothing to do with my visit.
Wish the doctor had spent more time listening to issue ... and trying to figure out what was wrong days spent in pain and vomiting until we could see family dr. Now issue continues but refuses to go to hospital and waiting for referrals.
Wish they would of do a scat scan Had to go back the next day to ER and they did one and found out what was wrong with me.
Without family help & involvement, being visited & with staff doing minimum ease, the whole experience was very upsetting. Meal trays were served with covers that couldn't be opened by the patient.
Wonderful care - excellent staff!
Wonderful to have nurse practioner able to handle more routine issues
Would of been nice to know that they do not fix broken bones there. Other than that all was excellent.
Would rather go there than anywhere else Good people
Wrong diagnosis
XXX was my nurse on the Mat floor. She was amazing! She is the only reason why I did so well she deserves a bonus! She taught me and my family everything we needed to know. Without her we would have been lost.
XXXX is underrated - great staff - caring and organized
XXXX is XX year old she has poor hearing She could not tell if a doctor was seeing her or a nurse. Generally her family would stay to help her but with the virus this was not possible.
XXXX treated me with excellent care! The nurses and doctors did a fine job The facilities were also excellent I was completely satisfied with overall care
XXXXXX (NP) XXX (? triage nurse/front) Dr. XXXXX XXXXXXXXX (nurse) - amazing. Special thanks to these staff members for exceptional kindness and care.
XXXXXX arrived at the ER not knowing that he was in renal failure. He/we thought he was having a bad reaction to pain meds for his cancer. Only after blood work did the dr. know how to treat him.
XXXXXX was a wonderful nurse So kind and gentle Best IV start. All staff were kind welcoming on my arrival XXXXX was a wonderful triage nurse So efficient
XXXXXXX - emergency nurse was excellent, very helpful. Dr XXXXX - very good, got me rushed to XXXXXXX (heart attack) Dr XXXXXX - never said a thing about what was happening to me at all - only blood pressure very high. I had symptoms of a heart attack starting but did not tell us. I only saw her one time in emergency. Mine - ICU nurse went to XXXXXXX in ambulance with me. Awesome nurse
XXXXXXXX - ANKA - XXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXX - diarrhea - re allergy symptom - taken on XXXX - virtual dr at clinic % pain - rt lumbar & rt. abdomen. Seen by Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX M.D. - received CAT scan - IV - for dehydration Ordered to return to ER for repeat bloodwork - if no improvement would be admitted Returned XXXXXXXXX as per order - aw a dr. (black, tall, name?) who wouldn't give me any results - poked me hard over rt painful kidney, said I needed a urologist + left - I waited another hr (total - 5) & signed myself out, as nothing more done Have contacted my own urologist - Dr. XXXXXXX seen him XXXXXXXXX - ordered lithotripsy in XXXXXX - which was done to rt kidney XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXX RN XXXXXXXXXX RN XXXXXXXXXXXX RN XXXXXX Clerk XXXXXX xray CT XXXXXX CT and Dr XXXXXXX All friendly, polite, kind, caring and professional! A most pleasant experience while suddenly ill and in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Rarely have I been an ER patient.
XXXXXXXXX We were there 1 week earlier with same symptoms & sent home. Because XXX was "not sick enough to admit" After being told of her falling & passing out & sent in by ambulance because she could not walk We are very disappointed! From attachment - XXXXXXXXXXXX Our experiences @ XXXX 1. XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXX sent for chest x-ray - pneumonia - antibiotic - got worse - passing out and falling. 2. XXXXXXXX Pat was sent to the emerg (by ambulance) from her doctor's office. She was to weak to walk and was falling. 11 hrs. later she as told she was not sick enough to keep in the hospital. 3. XXXXXXXXX Back to emerg. Passing out and falling (still) After about 6 hrs. doctor came in and told her she was being admitted. He left and she climbed off the end of the bed. She was trying to climb back into bed when I walked in. She fell and has one very bad black eye and bleeding. They sent her for a CAT scan to make sure there was internal bleeding. She was told at 3:30 ish they had a bed. 7:30 moved to room XXXX. 11:30 ish moved to ICU after turning purple. Dr. XXXXXX came in next morning and right away sent her for an echocardiogram. Dr. XXXXXX reported next a.m. it was a massive heart attack. XXX was stabilized and moved to room XXXX. She was on an alarm but climbed out of bed and pulled out her catheter. XXX was there for 6 days and sent home. 3. XXXXXXXX XXX sent for chest x-ray - pneumonia - antibiotic. Sent to emerg at 12:30 and got admitted at 7:30 ish At 7 XXX's lips turned blue and nurse checked her. Got admitted at 7:30 ish after waiting for ambulances from XXXXXXX and XXXXXXX to be admitted. Hospital wanted to admit her at 11:00 p.m. but we refused. The pneumonia is causing delirium and XXX does not know where she is or what is happening. This is from experience from last 2 bouts. We are not blaming the nursing staff as we understand they are under staffed and can not watch every patient 24 hours a day. It is the system. There are not enough rooms or nurses (let's close some more XXXX). We are left wondering what may have been if XXX had been admitted on XXXXXXX and been under Dr. XXXXXX's care as it did not take long for him to order the echocardiogram and find the real problem. I also was the person who did the survey as XXX does not remember any of the circumstances from XXXXXXXX until a couple days before we left the hospital. Husband and Power of Attorney XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXX is a great hospital and I would highly recommend I am patient and would wait for a bit, love that they have an emergency section and a non emergency section.
XXXXXXXXXX is X years XXX I am the Mom
XXXXXXXXXXs Because Nice Matters is a good slogan. During these past years when I've had to use emerg more often, I have always been treated nicely, even though I've sometimes had to wait awhile before I've been seen.
XXXXXXXXXX's care was a lot better than XXXXXXX's by far
XXXXXXXXXXXXX accident Helicopter of XXXXXXXXXXXX from XXXXXXXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX gave excellent care as a NP very direct explained everything. Kind and considerate
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX is an excellent doctor and all the nurses which took care of me were excellent. We always go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX because of great care we receive from everyone.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX, I discovered I have lung cancer 3rd stage large cell. The ER visits are for long term pain therapy for my back & neck. IV pain therapy, lidocaine & Ketamine.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Re: Web Access Code: XXXXXXXXXXXX I have received a medical survey to complete following my last visit to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I attend the hospital emergency room every 3 weeks for an intravenous lidocaine infusion. I have completed this form previously but asked to be removed from the list. As this is a scheduled appt. I do not wait to be admitted and some of the questions do not directly apply to me. Thank you, XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a hidden gem love it, why don't XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX work together?
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is an unbelievably great hospital I cannot say enough about how caring and friendly the staff is.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX service need to improve and care
Ye I like somebody speaks french. Its very important to understanding when we talk with the doctor or the nurse.
Yes - XXX is XX yrs old and could not speak for herself very well. Therefore son and daughter-in-law was her voice. So many things need to be looked at. 1. Never once did a doctor or nurse ask if and who is the POA not all family members know what is going on so therefore should not release or talk about medical information unless POA gave permission. 2. Lack of communication between agency & everyone needs to bet better informed. 3. Some emergency doctors send out patients too soon then they are back. 4. As in all aspects of the medical field there is not enough staff to help patients. XXXXXXXXXXXX XXX's daughter in law.
Yes 4 hours at hospital and not seen a doctor pathetic, BULLshit Not that busy
Yes I was left alone for to long and had a panic attack twice in 3 days. Only on the second nite did I get sleeping pills the nurse that installed the catheter didn't do it right, she didn't put it in far enough and when she pumped it up it cut off all urine movement and was painful until it was taken out, when I asked them to take it out, they said they would backwash it, when they did blood only came out for the next hour On the last day I was more than two hours behind schedule and the male nurse who took the big needle out of my right arm put small gauze and small tape over the hole, I told him to put more tape on, he said that was enough, he took all five wires to my heart monitor to pull all off at the same time it did not work he pulled me around to the right and the tape came off my right arm and down my hand and onto the floor & bed. I grabbed a rag and stopped the bleeding He ran down the hall and came back with two wet face clothes and wash the blood off the bed and then the floor, I said what about my arm and he said oh yes and put more gauze & tape on the needle site. I threw the first set of your questions away because I didn't want to wright this but now everyone in my family & friends know this story I will never go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX again ever XXXXXXXXXX
Yes please We needs at the emergency very good doctors specialist doctors We don't like to go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I like to see better doctors and future Thank you
Yes very happy for all that are there for your care very special people
Yes, have been ill for 1 1/2 yrs. This ER doctor did a chest xray and found cancer, which we are now trying to treat.
Yes, if it was not for my nurse practitioner and an appt. at the same hospital 2+ weeks later, there would be more problems with me. Thank you for allowing me to state some feelings in this survey. Medicine wheel teaching for all!
Yes, need a nurse to come in as soon as you get there. Not just assign you a room number. I didn't see a nurse for over two hours after she directed me to which room I was assigned. I could have died and no one would have known.
Yes, they should help a little more fast and don't let you wait too long. Thank you!
Yes. Better than XXXXXXXXXXX (both) * Only issue I had was x-ray was not available at the time I was in the ER. So my wife had to drive me to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes. Waiting times are horrible Needs much more improvement.
You found a brain tumor I did not know that I had. It showed up on the C/T scan I had. It was present on a XXXX scan but was missed, but your team found it, now I can get help to fix it. Thank you
You have to wait to long to see a doctor
You need more staff The waiting time is far too long
You need more than 1 doctor, regardless if the emerg is full or not. I was in there at least 3-3 1/2 hours and the waiting room was half full. Nurses and the doctor mostly sit, very relaxed in the nurses station, talking about nothing to do with the patient care. The doctor on call that day walked by the room I was in, looked inside, and kept walking. Another thing is: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX needs a Subway or Tim Horton's kiosk. At the above hospital their little cafe is only opened about 3-4 hours, and there are a lot of visitors in the hospital that would really enjoy a break to get a bite to eat while visiting. Thank you for your time.
You probably wonder why I would come to ER if I didn't have pain. I had a lump on my neck which was not painful until someone touched it. I have a family history of cancer so I felt it was important to come in
You really cannot have just 1 doctor on call in an Emergency Dept. Too busy and makes the overall time there too long!! 2 or 3 would be so much better, but I know its about money and cut backs. I feel sorry for the dr.'s and nurses there because they are only 1 person who can't be with the patients all the time. They work hard and long hours and don't get the recognition they so deserve. Better staffing in E.R. would be so much better!!
Your age should be taken into consideration. Distance was too far for me without having wheelchair to assist when going for X-rays, etc.
Your doctor did not believe me and I ended up going to a clinic in XXXXX where I got meds and am fine now.
Your organization in ER allowed me in and out in a hour. I had a contact dermatitis needing an oral antibiotic and topical cream on a XXXXXX evening and the clinic side of ER allowed this to happen and not disturb the trauma side to be disturbed
Your rooms are too small
6 hours is way too long for anyone to wait to see a doctor in any ER department especially a X year old!!!
After my procedure was done, the doctor was leaving the room before asking if I had any questions. I was able to catch her before she left; but I felt rushed and didn't really get all the answers that I was looking for. Afterwards,  I wasn't sure if my question was important enough to contact her about.
Arrived at 5 PM seen by Dr at 1230 AM heart related
As always it was an excellent experience.
Bathroom toilet paper roller needs to be updated.  The rolls would not turn at all.  Had to grab 1 sheet at a time.  Awful set up.
Because I'm a frequent flyer the triage nurse was not kind or respectful to me.  She never asked me any covid questions or any questions about my pain and discomfort.  Did not ask me to rate my pain, did not ask what it feels like and didn't ask what I have tried for the pain at home.  She asked everyone else these questions but not me.  After I was waiting for a bit I went and asked if I was going to a room or see and treat.  The reason I asked this was because if they were just sending me to see and treat I would know they are not taking me seriously and I was going to go home because I was in so much pain sitting I could know longer take it.  I was told I was going to a room so I stayed because I knew I'd have a bed to lay down on.  Then next thing I know I'm being called to see and treat!  Couldn't lay down.  The nurse there was kind.  The doctor was also excellent.  Do you know why?  Because I had my medical POA on speakerphone.  That's because I'm sick and tired of not being listened to and treated like shit.  My family all believe your hospital will kill me one day.  Not every frequent flyer is drug seeking.  I never ask for anything for pain.  If the doctor asks and I determine it will help I will accept it.  I should not fear going to your hospital!!
Because of dementia these questions were answered by the patients husband, therefore there may seem to be an inconsistency in some of the answers.
Better quality of food what is served is not appetizing and mostly only warm.
Better than last time.
Better wait times and care received at XXXX than I've ever received at XXX!! All the times I've had to go to XXX for emergency care in the past, it has always been an all day wait to see someone. I would much prefer to come here from now on!
Blessing to me and the community. Thank you for everything you did for me.
Came in with covid.  Extreme migraine pain and body aches, crying and breathing heavy.  They took my temperature and blood pressure and put me in a separate waiting room for an hour.  Then took to another room where I sat in a chair and leaned on the table.  After another hour a doctor came in and told me there's 'no magic pill for covid.  Take Tylenol every 4 hours.  Sucks you feel shitty' he said 'shitty' no exam or anything but he said he'll send me for a chest xray to see if I damaged my chest by getting covid. Then left after another hour alone, I went looking for a nurse to ask for a glass of water because I needed to take my own Tylenol I had in my purse and I told her I was feeling nauseous, she told me water would make me worse but she guesses so. She never brought me one so I drank from the warm hand washing station in the room I was in. After another hour I asked about my xray and the same nurse said 'I called but they're not responding' I walked out of the hospital then since it was 3 am I was sick tired and frustrated and felt no care was going to be given. So unimpressed and I suffered with extreme covid symptoms for over a week after that.  Never returning to this hospital, I will rush to XXXXXXX or XXXXXX in the future.
Compared to the other ER I had to use in XXXXX, this one was cleanest, brightest, least congested, and organized. Thank you.
Completely satisfied.
Didn't think I'd have to wait 7 hours on a XXXXXXX for a broken ankle and leg to be diagnosed. I overheard the nurse in the green room say it was supposed to close at 10 but I was there from 5 pm - 1 am so for her to have to stick around that long isn't ideal for anyone. It was nice to see a specialist type of doctor for my injury (xxxxxxxxxx) and she was great but there was a disconnect somewhere as I think 2 or 3 times I was asked if I had gotten any pain medication and when I said no the nurse left to get some but over that whole visit I didn't get any until right near the end of my visit.
Doctor was drinking a can of pop unmasked right outside my treatment room.  While most COVID protocols appeared safe, it seemed that the nursing station was a bit lax in safety.
Dr XXXXXXXXX & her staff were lovely and did an amazing job.  I was in the ambulatory care a month previous with Dr XXXXXX and that was a great experience as well.  Thank you for the wonderful care with my health care services
Drove from XXXXXX after my negative experience at XXX felt very supported, despite my more mysterious issue, any limitations in care were not due to the hospital but just myself would definitely recommend/return
Due to HHT I require an IV air filter, nurses ignored this and did not use one  Covid screener at the entrance refused my wife (caregiver) entrance to be with me while having a cardiac event.
Due to the extensive wait (others in front of me were speaking how they had been there for 6+ hours and still had yet to been seen by a nurse or doctor) and due to my severe level of pain I ended up leaving after 3 hours. I went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX instead and was admitted there.
Ended up in hospital for 5 days because they didn't know how to drain my pleural effusion that has a line installed properly by sacks.  My lung partially collapsed
Ensuring there is enough nursing staff to tend to the patients requiring care.  It seemed as though there were only two nurses to the emerg dept. not allowing them to really take the time needed to get to the patients in a timely manner, or having time for charting.
ER was great - 2N was a disgusting cesspool Radiation, pharmacy were great  Lab great  I had to go back in 2 days later + had my wife drive me an hour away so I didn't have to stay here again.  Nurses were great  Management + clerks terrible.
Everyone was courteous & respectful
Everyone was excellent and very accommodating - especially to my phobia of needles LOL
Everyone was extremely helpful with me and my situation.
Everyone was very kind, but I did not really feel that the doctor could figure out why I had such a bad headache and felt very weak and disoriented. In all fairness, my family doctor is not sure either about what is causing my issues. I feel very lucky to have our hospital.
Everyone was very nice and accommodating and I felt well taken care of.
Everything was great. Pertaining to this recent visit.  But when I went into my surgery  take home surgery note should be more clearer and some things added to it.  Like Regarding  no mention really sore throat because of the tube.     I know at another hospital they used a different tube when I mentioned it and I had no problems.   When going into surgery maybe talk about that.  After surgery throat was sore so had hot tea that was the wrong thing to do.  I needed popsicles. Over experience wonderful.  The anesthesiologist need to be on info sheet  do not go home and have hot tea  get popsicles.  Was told about shoulder pain.
Everything went very well  Dr XXXXXXXXXXXX is an excellent doctor  I would not hesitate to refer her to anyone needing surgery
Excellent care
Excellent care provided by attending physician and nurse.
Excellent staff interactions  A huge change from a few yrs ago  Well done!!  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Excellent!
Expensive parking
Finally, for this procedure, appt was on time. Previous 2 or 3 times over several years, told to be 'early' but appts were half to one hour late with no acknowledgement or explanation offered or eventually given
First time I have been hospitalized since I was X!  All medical staff I engaged with were highly professional, courteous and understanding.  XXXX should be very proud of their staff at all levels.  I couldn't speak more highly of them, particularly as I observed what they had to put up with every day, and still maintained a courteous demeanor.  Truly amazing people.  Thank you!
Food can be improved in nutritional value category.
Food was not very good  Discharge medication reconciliation didn't really occur due to weekend discharge
For a small hospital I had very good care  No complaints
For five days I didn't get washed or had access to wash myself.  Hygiene was very poor at the hospital for me.  After I could wash myself it was better.
Form filled out by my spouse.  XXXXX has some dementia.  This was exacerbated by keeping him in restraints & catheterized for 2 weeks!!  His bladder infection & complications were a direct result of this all caused by lack of staff.  Terrible experience for all of us, especially XXXXX.
GI ambulance
Good but staff was short handed.  Other stay was good and wish to thank them all.
Good care and was treated with respect and friendly helpful staff
Great experience
Had Heart Specialist (Intern) visit with me several times, as they thought they had detected an irregular heart rhythm, and indicated that I would be contacted reference a portable heart monitor to use at home. No one contacted me UNTIL I called the hospital back after waiting over 3 weeks and FINALLY received action regarding my portable monitor ... not impressed with the quality and lack of follow-up that was not provided UNTIL I lit a fire under somebody to finally get the ball rolling.  Born & raised in XXXXXXXXXX and the healthcare system then was flawed but now completely overwhelmed by the COVID pandemic ... very sad state of affairs for this country, having served Canada and being a 33 year XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX!
Had to wait to long so ended up leaving
Have always had excellent care at XXXX
Hospital room was clean, but dingy, in need of paint  Locks on bathroom door(s) in need of repair  Originally, wanted to place me in a "cubby hole" between rooms with only a curtain, no light, no place for my coat, etc - was a real eye opener to me, as a Canadian (ie the physical condition needs work!
I agreed to have an intern do the surgery, supervised by a doctor.  It went perfect & may continue to improve but at my age (XX) who cares.  Everyone was so friendly!
I am grateful the service is available so that I don't have to travel 40 km, in the winter, to have treatment.
I am immensely appreciative of the important work done by all of the kind, caring people in the hospital  Thanks.
I am satisfied they do a great job.
I am very thankful for the care that I received at the Emergency department at XXXX
I am XX & this was my 1st time.  I stayed overnight in a hospital.  New experience for me.  I hope the room on the list for (unreadable).  All staff was very nice and care the crew delivering my meals always said Hello XXXXXX
I am XX years old & very hard of hearing  The doctors tried their best to make sure I understood.  The nurses were good but overworked - more are needed  Sometimes I felt very alone as my daughter wasn't able to be with me always  The nurses were too busy & stressed although they tried their best.
I appreciated all the care I received and know how hard all the employees of the hospital work especially under additional stressful events.
I ATTEND AMBULATORY CARE EVERY SIX WEEKS FOR AN INFUSION, STAFF ARE ALWAYS AWESOME!
I ATTEND AMBULATORY CARE EVERY SIX WEEKS GOING ON 12 YEARS, I HAVE ONLY GREAT THINGS TO SAY REGARDING THE CARE AND ATTENTION PROVIDED BY THE STAFF. THANK YOU FOR ALL THEY DO!
I believe there were a few complicating circumstances which were relevant but not queried.  I had a few brief questions but no opportunity to ask.  You never know what is going on elsewhere in the ER but it did not seem busy.  My previous and only other visit to this ER was much better by the way.  I would have rated that visit much higher but I also think this questionnaire is to your credit.
I came In with extreme chest pain an loss of breathe took a fair bit of time to get in for a X-ray but was quickly advised I had a collapsed lung! Other then the wait The nurses are absolutely phenomenal an doctor XXXXXXXX n XXXXXXXXX were amazing and made me feel extremely comfortable the ladies in the X-ray unit are vary kind as well     I pray I don't have to go back anytime soon but if I do I hope I get those wonderful nurses and doctors again
I cannot say that I remember too much, the first 48 hrs of my hospital experience  My cohabiter + daughter have filled me in.  - All good
I completely understand the existing problem due to covid  Nurses are leaving and not able to provide care that a patient expects because they are short staffed.  I objected to the lack of personal care while I had to use a bed pan.
I could complain about the food but I wont.
I did not visit ambulatory care in person on XXXXXX, the whole process was by telephone.
I don't like hearing people run down XXXX because in all my experiences with them, they have been wonderful!  I have absolutely no complaints.  However, this isn't a complaint but it would be nice if XXXX could supply a note-taker for me as I don't hear hardly at all.  I wear a cochlear implant and hearing aid but neither are sufficient to hear staff.  The doctor I had and I really appreciate him, but he mumbles.  The nurses talk as they move around doing things or say things on the way out the door.  People have to be within 5 feet and facing me and speak above normal but not shout!!! (embarrassing to me) before I can hear them.  I know some ASL but not enough to warrant a ASL interpreter.  But again, I think XXXX is a great hospital and do a great job.  I've had 3 operations there as well as my annual heart check-up.  Thank you for your service and the staff are wonderful both in emergency (diabetes problems) and as a in-patience and out-patience.
I don't understand why night shift nurses don't spend more time talking with their patients as opposed to just "pushing" evening meds. Many nights you wouldn't see your nurse for 1st couple of hours nightly!
I enjoyed the meals except for so many green beans
I feel like the nurses were amazing.  However, the doctor seemed to not be too concerned with listening to what was bothering me, she sent me for an ultrasound on areas surrounding the area I was having problems with and she seemed to be trying to catch me in a lie (that's how it felt anyway).  As a First Nations person, I rarely go to the hospital, I don't do drugs and would never go to the hospital just for pain meds.  I rarely accept pain meds when I am there.  This is the first time I've ever felt this way.  I ended up returning almost a week later for the same issue and had much better care from a second doctor who actually listened to me.  It's been almost two weeks and I'm still having pain and can't figure out what is causing it, but I doubt if I will return to the hospital to have it taken care of.
I feel that I got all the help possible and thank you for the great care.
I felt dismissed from the moment I got there as a pregnant women waiting for a couple hours in extreme pain and discomfort to be sent home with out looking into the real cause I felt staff didn't care for the well being of me or my unborn child and I left after an hour of being at home to re visit a new hospital to be admitted and taken care of properly
I felt respected and treated very well by staff. I did not like or feel safe or have any privacy in the cubby in which I was placed.  People were walking by, peeking in, other patients opened my curtain, I had zero privacy to change and it was really rather claustrophobic.  I am still having trouble with the idea of every being in a cubby like that.  It was bright and noisier than I would have liked but at least I had gravol and other medication to slow down my vomiting and it helped me sleep a bit.   I truly loved the staff and was treated very well.  It was my cubby/hallway medicine that had me anxious.  No TV, no phone, it was very isolating.  Add in that I was terrified of catching covid and tried to wear a mask my whole time as I was in a hallway but was so pukey, I couldn't.
I felt secure and comfortable thank you for your excellent care it was greatly appreciated!
I felt the clinic appointment made for me was unclear.  Although the instructions on the paper told me what might occur, I had no actual direction as to why I had to visit the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and why I would possibly get a stress test.  I went into the hospital because I woke up choking and had stomach acid burning my lungs, throat etc and found breathing very difficult.  At one point I was told I would be held until the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Dr could attend then suddenly I was released.  Needless to say I was very confused when I arrived for my prebooked appointment with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I found my care from the initial walk-in to departure to be very professional.  ALL staff were friendly, informative and helpful.  I would give services at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX an A+ rating.
I froze in emergency cubicle, rescued by a cleaner who got me a heated blanket.  Far too hot on the ward with no fresh air.
I got an xray & was released.  Then while I was getting in my car the Dr called me back in & he had an ultrasound done.  But I had to wait another hour?  No sanitizing was done
I had a stress test because of the medication that I am on and was treated very well.  Also will be  having a phone appointment to discuss the results of my treatment on XXXXX the XXXXXX with the health provider who did my procedure .
I had an accident on my 3 wheel scooter and damaged my elbow. After I registered I was told it would be a 6 and a half hour wait so I left.
I had been at the XXX emergency 2 days prior, waited for 8 hours to see 2 different doctors who told me to buy voltaren and it was the worst experience I've ever had and was still in unbearable pain.  I was still concerned after that visit due to pre-existing heart condition (HCM).  My experience at XXXX Emergency was as positive as possible and the doctor (Dr. XXXXXX) was so thorough.  The nursing staff were so helpful and accommodating.  It was a night and day different experience, in a positive way, compared to XXX.
I had to have 2 scopes, XXXXXX 3 days of prep visited and care dept XXXXXXX for appt with dr to go over scopes.  All of my info was provided on that date on the morning of the XXXX after providing some info, I was told I needed a covid test.  Test given at 10:25 am results not provided until 11:15am while I was lying on a bed in pre-op.  One nurse called upstairs asking for my results, using a wrong first name I was being told a few minutes later, I had tested positive for covid.  Not sick, no symptoms and 1 test that took too long using another first name / similar name.  Why wasn't a test provided to me prior to going into the hospital?  I had provided info on XXXXXXX that they would of known whether or not I needed a test.  What a waste of my time and prep work if the hospital was so concerned about the virus, why was I allowed into the pre-op room?  I also asked for another test as I felt they made an error but was denied one.  They couldn't get me out of there fast enough.  No discussion, nothing.  They told my husband to come and get me and to hurry?  I will not go back as I now have zero confidence that this would not happen again.  Very disappointed and will not go back.
I had to return to the Emergency Dept the next day.  When I was initially there, there was a women who was well known by name and was belligerent and aggressive and had security called several times.  She was seen before I was in which I believe was due to the fact they didn't want to deal with her in which security was called again when she was given a room.  When I returned the next day it was a wonderful experience.  I was bothered and harassed by this other patient.
I had to return to the ER on XXXXX and was then admitted until XXXXX.  A CT Scan had been performed on XXXXXX and an ultrasound on XXXXX. I was fortunate to have Dr. XXXXXXX both days and the follow through was excellent.  A different problem was discovered hence my admission.  Nurses in the ER and on 2 East were skilled and caring  despite enormous work loads.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (B ScN XXXX.)  (I am called by my second name)
I had to use the emergency dept. because my family doctor could not see me. The office staff explained that in order to get an ultra sound, it would be much quicker going to emerg. than if she were to try and arrange one for me. I was very impressed with the 'See and Treat' stream as I was separated out from very sick people requiring more urgent care. It seemed to speed up the process, and made me feel less guilty accessing emergency care when it wasn't a genuine emergency. My care there was timely, professional, and considerate.
I have always felt comfortable in this hospital.  Always received good care.
I have always had very positive experiences at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. The nurses have always been excellent with me. Thank you.
I have been admitted & visited the ER dept on numerous occasions and have always had a good & professional experience.
I have responded this for my husband, who alas passed away XXXXXXXXXXX. What distressed me that I had to rush my husband to the XXX in XXXXXX, since his Oncology Surgeon works out of there. After having been overnight at XXX, we were told that he would be transported by Ambulance to XXXXXXX, where we waited & then were told NO beds available, take him home which I did, but he had more trouble afterwards. Back to XXXXXX for a few days till we went to a Hospice in XXXXXXXXXXXX where he died. My experience at XXXXXXX was truly extremely upsetting.
I have to visit every 3 weeks for blood work and check in for vitals etc in coordination with my oncologist at XXX.  Both technicians / RNs I've had to do this were wonderful.  They're the only ones lately who take blood without leaving a huge bruise or causing pain.  They are wonderful and quite accommodating to the fact that I'm deaf and need patience when answering the questions they have.  Both ladies have been fantastic - XXXXXXXXXX and now XXXXXXXXXXXX.  Thanks to them.
I know that this is a challenge.  The drug abuse in the area is negatively impacting all aspects. In addition, stop operating like a business and start operating a a service that is provided because of taxes collected from the people. Once you focus on revenue you lose the service aspect  Sad, but it is a fact
I prefer to go to the Emergency Department because my family doctor is an idiot who couldn't care less if I lived or died.  The ER doctor was really good.
I received great care from all doctors and nurses during my stay.  Only a small percentage introduced themselves, so that could have been better.  Dr. XXXXXXX went above and beyond to help with diagnosis and Dr. XXXXXXX was a great advocate for the angiogram that may have me closer to a diagnosis.
I spent 24 hrs in the ER. I was given a call bell and tile to use it whenever I needed. The first and o lu time I used that call bell, a doctor answered and yelled at me for using the bell. When asked what I wanted I said I wanted to talk about my medications. The doctor responded very rudely, that's not what call bells are used for.  I also had a very rude male nurse that had me in tears when I asked him for medication. He decided it was a good time to defend himself by lecturing my about how protecting his license and the college of nurses 2 hour window of time for medication administration.  Afraid to use the call bell a second time, I waited, with blood dripping down my arm for a nurse to walk by to ask for assistance. After about 15 minutes, I was able to get a nurses attention. She looked at me from the hallway, said that's just blood pooling around your IV and walked away.  Once I was admitted, I asked for Tylenol for a headache. The nurse replied you've got something wrong with your liver, you need to talk to your doctor and left. This was a surprise to me, nothing had been mentioned to me about my liver. I was in the hospital for cardiac reasons. I had to wait until the next day to talk to the doctor.  Turns out it was nothing serious, but I spent the evening worrying for nothing. Dietary was an issue too. My first day I was not given anything to eat until 6 pm. I did not have a NPO. When I did receive a meal. It was not a diabetic meal and it was not a vegetarian meal.
I think knowing the wait times as much as that may be possible
I understand with Covid everyone is running short staffed, but to see a doctor the waiting time is to long.
I waited over 7 hours for a broken blood vessel in my eye  Maybe a "See & Treat" area for smaller problems eg. sore throat, eyes etc would move people through much faster.
I want to thank the hospital staff, one doctor who did my surgery Dr. XXXX and all the nurses who look after me. Thank all off you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was a patient in XXX over a period of 10 weeks, three separate times, twice in the ICU and once in general admittance. I was treated extremely well by all the staff in every respect. I admired them greatly, they saved my life a couple of times, what else can I say. My only complaint was the food, uninteresting and tasteless most of the time. Just saying, not complaining. Regards
I was at both XXXX + XXX during my stay.  The food at XXX was far superior to XXXX  The nurses were also friendlier for the most pat.  All drs were very friendly.  One younger not as nice -  Dr XXXXXXXX + Dr XXXXX (not sure of last name) were amazing
I was fairly certain I had pneumonia and was very frustrating when told by the nurse + dr. that I had covid without any testing or confirmation  I was made to feel I did not know my own body and was treated as a covid patient until the CT scan confirmed pneumonia their attitude was condescending and unnecessary  I understand the situation the entire country was in but I also know my own body
I was impressed with all the nurses and doctors everybody was very kind and I feel like I received very good care  I am very grateful
I was impressed with Dr. XXX, he made me feel so comfortable and also the friendly nurses at the station. They were all amazing.
I was impressed with how quickly I was seen in the ER.  I needed staples for a head wound and was in and out within 35 minutes.  The next week I attended the ER again to have them removed and was in and out in less than 30 minutes.  This was a pleasant surprise as I had anticipated being there much longer.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX will be my first choice if there ever is a next time.
I was in excruciating pain from a cellulitis infection.  No one was around to help - the nurses were incredibly rude, the doctor said you're fine go home - I went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX the following day the finally get proper care after 3 visits to XXXX and was instantly given an IV antibiotic that I needed for 7 days.  Never in my life will I go back to XXXX.  The care was terrible - I felt absolutely hopeless there.
I was in XXXX XXXXXX to the XX.  I left there not well with no diagnosis and a lot of medication.  XXXXXXXX 10 hours they still do not know what's wrong with me  Waiting to see a heart doctor  All tests were neg  Today date is XXXXXXXXX
I was moved to a cubby due to limited bed space that did not have a door. This was OK however the patient in the room beside me was dying. This was very hard for me because I did not have any headphones or other things to use to block out the personal conversations etc. Additionally, the cubby should be darker. At 10 pm the lights went off and at 5 am lights on. This made it difficult to sleep/rest. I felt as though I would have been better being released on home care ag that pint.
I was not happy the first two times  I was not happy because the ED said it was something else when yet I was having a heart attack   They thought was I had covid   The stay at the hospital was excellent
I was not in good shape when I entered (ie) Internal Bleeding, Hemo So  Left and feeling much better after 6 transfusions
I was only in hospital for 2 days and was sent home with antibiotics.  I recovered really fast
I was only there waiting for a few minutes.  Sat down + she introduced herself + explained what was about to happen  20 minutes and then left  Breathing test only + showed me how to use my "puffers" correctly  Nice pleasant lady/nurse?  I left "happy"!  But sad I wasn't given a serious breathing test  I am scared as I wheeze constantly + afraid I am dying  Note - My doctor Dr XXXXXX stated I have done all the tests I can + all negative"  I cannot do anything else XXXXX  I cried!  Tears!  Given up on me  Note XXXXXXX I feel like the medical pro has given up on me and I feel like I will not survive much longer  Sad!  XXXXX
I was pleased with Dr. XXXXXXXX and his follow-up suggestions. I was referred to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I was told I had a torn labrum and to take physiotherapy, turned out to be a groin tear/hernia, which will need surgery!
I was very pleased with my care  They were very thorough  They got right down to it  They found stuff I did not even know  I was very pleased and satisfied with my care at Emergency Department
I was very pleased with the care I received at XXXX.  The nurses were excellent, very kind and patient with me  It was a pleasant surprise
I wasn't originally going to do this survey but after the second email I decided to do it. I shouldn't have. Some of your questions were not about the visit and the questions that were, there should have been more.  I came in to the hospital with a concussion, the 2nd in 10 days after 2 bad bumps to the head. I sat in a chair in a very full waiting room with the TV on, lights on, people talking for 5.5 hours!  Ridiculous I felt with a head injury.  One patient named XXXXXXXXXXX who was in the waiting room was loud and annoying people, asking personal questions about their age. The people who didn't want to 'play' were basically told to lighten up its a way to pass the time ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  It was a bad hospital experience for me.
I went in they couldn't given me assistance any quicker  no more than half hour.  The doctor got stuff into me.  Overall could not ask for anymore.  Very pleased with that.
I went to emergency due to my dr.   Dr XXXXX was not taking any appointments or seeing any patient at the times I went to XXXXXXXX emergency due to covid she is taking patients now  I went to emergency due to I had a kidney infection they did test and 2 days later I got a call from the dr that was working that night and she prescribed and sent fax for medication to drug store for me  Although I thought I was going to get a script before I left the hospital I do understand sometimes it takes time for the test results  Thank you all for the excellent care I always receive
I went to the ER on the XX and the XXXX of XXXXXXXX and on the XXXX I was happier with my care and the way the doctor listened to me and followed up. On the XXXX I was in so much pain I could hardly walk and no one even offered to help me when I had to walk through the hospital to get my CT scan. I had to wait for hours for the results in a waiting room chair which was terribly painful for me and even other patients suffering from migraines who were hooked up to IVs were also waiting in waiting room chairs! Why were they not in beds in dark rooms? I left on the XXXX feeling like nobody cared about my pain
I went to the XXX Emergency department after calling the office of my family doctor that morning; the nurse I spoke to directed me to do this due to the possibility I was experiencing a significant heart episode ( I had two high blood pressure readings and a burst blood vessel in my eye).  Upon arriving at your Emergency department I communicated my concern to the receptionist, who immediately sent me to a nurses' station. The nurse who greeted me there was curt and dismissive at first when I described my symptoms, including the high blood pressure.  When she took my bp it was 185/105, higher than it was earlier that morning.  She said little after that, and told me to wait until another nurse registered me.  This wait was about five minutes.  After this was done this nurse instructed me to sit in the waiting area with the other patients.  She did not say anything else, so I did as instructed, said nothing and sat down. I was in the waiting room for about two hours before being brought in by another nurse.  Note: the hospital had about half a dozen patients awaiting treatment and I was placed in this queue.  From this point on my experience was okay.  It took another hour or so to be seen by the doctor, an EKG administered by the nurse, and the doctor to follow up with and discharge me.  My two main points of concern for my visit was first the lack of courtesy, concern and empathy by the first nurse who dealt with me in Admissions, and second the overall lack of communication from everyone who dealt with me throughout my stay.  Fortunately I had no serious health repercussions from my hospital visit, so overall I rated my treatment as satisfactory.  However, the areas I have pointed out above show there is room for improvement.
I would like to thank each and everyone of the staff for the best treatment anyone could ask for.
I'd just like the medical staff to please respect my choice to be unvaxxed!  Or give me at least 20 min. to explain why I choose NOT to be vaxxed!  That is very important to respect the unvaxxed choice!  And it should remain a choice!  I'd also like to say a big thank-you to all the medical staff for tending to my needs!  They did a wonderful job!  Thank you!
In all the hospitals I have been in many countries the food was the worst I have had
In my situation the second nurse in triage was rude and disrespectful (not the first one who took my vitals it was the second one).  She did not give us her name and her I.D. card was turned backwards.  It was on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX @ 7:50 AM.  I truly wanted to walk out, but I felt I did not have a choice as I needed care and had an appointment with the surgeon.  I noticed a sign on the wall that states disrespectful behavior will not be tolerated to staff.  It should not be tolerated to patients as well.
In the 3 times (in 5 1/2 years) that I have use the services of XXXXXX I have been well treated & satisfied with the results.  XXXXXXXXXXXX
In the emerg I was there from 1 pm left emerg at 1 pm  In that time I never was offered water  I was a smoker  I was having withdraws  The doc came is when I was in my room  I really wanted a smoke  The doc said that I should of had a patch and gave me gum to help me. The doctors were fine and the nurses were sitting a lot at the nurses station.  If I had a choice I would not go back.
In the nine hours that I waited in the Emergency Department waiting room, not one time did someone clean the area. Moreover, at no time did the triage staff put anyone in the isolation waiting room, although there were multiple persons with colds and severe coughing.  When I was taken back to a hall for treatment, the fellow sitting next to me was diagnosed as likely having Covid 19 and there was only a small partition separating us.  I presented with blood in my urine, due to a severe urinary tract infection.  I do not believe it was appropriate for me to wait with the patients with respiratory issues and who were not using their masks properly.
Isolation beds in emergency are absolutely like lying on rocks and with a bad back and being there for a day and a half was horrendous!
It has very much improved on waiting time since last visit.
It is a wonderful little hospital.  Little gem.
IT personnel interrupted my meeting with dr. wanting to discuss computers with doctor.  Computers personnel increased my anxiety as I thought I'd been ignored/interrupting my time or possible have my appointment delayed
It was a good experience overall.
It was a good.
It was good and they took acre of me and I did not have any problems
It was great.  Live 5 mins from hospital at XX year old.
It was just a test.
It was mass confusion I was supposed to have the surgery on my left shoulder  They thought it was my right  The lab work was not done ahead of time  EKG not done ahead of time. I had to wait after being prepped for surgery/after surgery there was no ice on my shoulder  The medication was working  I wasn't able to get out of the bed. Staff were really respectful but mass confusion. If I didn't know who I was or what was going on I would've had surgery on the wrong shoulder. Like I said the bottom of the bed  No one would help me to get up. I was trying to get the pain under control but that medication was not working for me.
It was my first time there and I would definitely go there if I needed to go to a hospital.
it was really good and I appreciated everyone except the one DR who was incompetent
It was very evident that the department was short staffed on the last 2 visits for our infant.  Staff seem scrambled and over worked which in turn lead to very rushed care.  It did not leave me feeling very confident as a mother in the care my son was receiving as I know things can often be overlooked in a time of staffing shortages and time constraints as well as an overloaded department.
It was very professional and kindly done  especially under the circumstances.
I've been at this Emergency Center a total of 4 times now for the same simple bug bite.  I have been given Lyme antibiotic, steroid cream, biopsy for cancer (negative), anti infection cream.  I'm am now going on 13 months with the same wound and nobody is will to do anything by prescribe me creams.  I feel like this bite keeps getting worse and I fear it's going to be the death of me.  I will be going for my XXX visit as soon as I build up the nerve to spend another 8 hours in the waiting area.
Just that I think that nurses should have a TV should be off at night at ward room. They should be given ear phones if they wanna watch the TV. I don't know about snoring people.
Keep up the good service.
Less time between nurse's first visit and doctor's fist visit  That doctor explain what he is going to do before he does it.  One visit of the last two I was shocked.
Main concern I had was the waiting time on a few appointments very long.  I commend the staff for their excellent care especially during the COVID situation.  Very overworked nurses!!
Meals were very good
More Doctors on shift
Mostly everything was satisfactory  XXXXXXXXXXXX
My answers are for the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  I had surgery there then sent back to XXXXXXXXXXXX.  Both experiences were not the same.  I would of stayed in XXXXXX if I could of.
My attending doctor, Doctor XXXXXXX, was very professional, courteous.  The hospital is lucky to have her on staff.  The CAT scan tech was also very professional and courtesy.  Since I was seeing double vision, Dr. XXXXXXX arranged for me to see an ophthalmologist the next day in XXXXXX.
My father was rushed to the ED by ambulance I followed in my car.  The front desk was helpful but they forgot to update me & allow me to sit with him once he was assessed
My follow up appt is in XXXXXXX because the appointment needed is not available in XXXXXXX.  It would be wonderful if one day this equipment would be available at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
My GP was away on an extended vacation, however, there was no explanation on how in his absence, I could get results for the tests ordered during my emergency department visit or on what I should do in case of continued problems.  I subsequently returned to emergency a few weeks later on my own initiative and waited several hours for a physician to give me the test results - again there was no indication on further actions on my part should symptoms recur.
My husband was admitted because of a rapid worsening of his Lewy Body Dementia.  He essentially was dying.  He was discharged to hospice XXXXXX where he did pass away.
My visit was excellent!
My visit was very graceful  I don't think it could've been any better  Thank you
Nice being in a room and not in a hallway like I was there 2-3 year ago  There are still wait times.
No  Very satisfied
No but everything went well
No Privacy - told some pretty personal information in he hallway
No. My experience was awesome.
Not right now
Nothing further to share.
Nurses in particular were amazing. Excellent care received.
Nurses should be kinder and more respectful to frequent flyers.  We do not want to be there as much as they don't want us there.  But we are obviously ill and have no choice.  So, be kinder
Often had to ask to be washed. Went 3 days without a body wash.
Only stayed overnight  Room with 4 beds, a man yelled & screamed continuously night & day, could not hear the Dr over the screaming  Felt claustrophobic in emerg, small area, curtained off.  Could not get out of hospital fast enough
Our government needs to put money in for much needed up keep like paint + more cleaning.  Maintenance + meals  Food is terrible
Over all it was a good experience.  The questions about race and cultural back ground as well as gender as not relevant.
Overall a positive experience  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Overall was good.  Nothing bad to say
Parking costs are a bit much.
Please forward this note to all of the staff in the ER community. We are so fortunate to have a dedicated group of professionals that exhibit a real concern for patient care' and 'comfort'. This also applies to the nurses in the north wing that looked after my needs during my nine day stay ... PROFESSIONALISM & COMPASSION at it's BEST!!  THANK YOU. Cheers, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Redacted
Redacted
Some food I liked.  Some I didn't.
Some questions re: admission are hard to answer.  I was brought by ambulance and don't recall most of the admission process
Stayed on a stretcher in emerg for 3 days
Support teams - were very helpful in answering questions.  Professionals seemed too busy (understandably) to spend their precious time ... they had better fish to fry. Although they assumed patients knew & understood the organization of the hospital
Switch off TV's in room at night
Telehealth directed me to go in order to see doctor within 4 hours.  Everyone friendly and helpful thank you.
Thank you to all staff who treated me.
Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXX
Thanks to all the staff nurses doctors and ambulance care given to me in the Post surgery & from the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  I'm feeling much better.  XXXXXXXXXXXX
The "nurses" were excellent thoughtful & caring for me.  Made my stay easier to handle under the circumstances.
The bathroom was always short of toilet paper & I had a towel by my bed because there was no paper towels for 2 days.  I asked the cleaning staff and I was informed they did not have any!  I feel the females should not be in a room with 3 males!  I don't like co-ed rooms in XXXXXXX hospitals!  They also had no cups for water for 2 days and probably for the weekend after I left XXXXXXXX around 4 pm!  Our hospitals in XXXXXXX have fantastic staff!  XXXX have great nurses & doctors & support staff but the need more money to run these hospitals from the province!  PLEASE HELP!!!  ASAP!  Thank you, XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The beds in recovery for post partum recovery are absolutely horrible. They are extremely uncomfortable, bars dig into backs and they are extremely loud when moving. Post partum and a new baby are challenging enough, providing a decent bed is the decent thing to do. Also 99.9 percent of staff in that unit are absolutely wonderful, kind and the best people to have in that type of unit. However, it wouldn't hurt to reevaluate some staff attitudes and work ethics when supporting post partum patients.
The cost if parking is too much
The doctor I had was amazing!
The doctor said I have to find a doctor who will do the steroid injection  They don't have a doctor who can do that in this hospital in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The doctor was great although he did not identify himself when he came in the room.  I found out who he was from my prescription he gave had to look for someone for a few minutes to get something for nausea because I was in so much pain it made my stomach upset.  When they give you a prescription they should give you at least 2 days supply as it was not avail at my pharmacy so they had to order it in therefore I never got it 'till the 2nd day.  I feel someone should be checking in the emerge area more than they did I was also upset that 4 other people came in after me and got called before me.
The doctor wouldn't listen, therefore didn't understand. he was in a hurry to prescribe medication and Physio which were not needed. He ordered an x-ray on a muscle issue, I know and he knew it would not show anything muscular. He wouldn't listen to what happened and how I was injured. I am sure the makers of Neproxin, are pleased, I think the rehab place would have been happy with the referral.  Let me be clear, wasting insurance money is wrong. not listening is wrong. The doctor is abusing the system to earn money.....that too is wrong. I feel this is because I very intentionally make myself look like a homeless person, the doctor treated me as such. funny enough, everyone else that I dealt with was warm, happy, understanding and kind....doctor, not so much. Thank you for not asking for my vaccine status! XXXXXXXXXXXXX
The doctors and nurses are amazing.  If only they had the physical hospital to go with their talents.  I understand funding is not there and so on.  The staff do everything they can and I have never had a problem with the staff in over 30 years.  It's the building, the equipment, the long wait times due to the volume of patients in our small town.
The first few days were terrible for my mom  The nurses seemed to ignore her until I had words with the head nurse, then things changed.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The follow phone call was great to have about biopsy
The food not very good and mostly cold!
The food was terrible.  I had one nurse who didn't know what medication I was on and asked me.  It should have been on some chart.  The care was terrible.
The food was worst food I had in my life  1st 30 hr They did not provide any food for the 3 days they kept doing like that because they had to do some tests  They were the worst nurses who were there  They kept putting me off the health care  The nurses, some of them were fantastic, but on the last two days, I had male nurses  They were not shaved and never tell me the medications they were giving.
The hill getting in to the hospital it too steep!!! I have been complaining about it for years. They promised it would be fixed when you remodeled the emergency department. I guess not. I don't know why you do not take a wheelchair out and try it yourself!!! Please fix this issue as it makes it very hard to get around.
The hospital itself was not kept very clean  The shared washroom was disgusting was not cleaned nearly enough if at all.  The washroom was being shared with a male which made PT very uncomfortable.
The hospital was excellent with 2 exceptions   There were no doctors that seemed to know anything but the basic information.  They did not have any specialist available.  Found the doctors did not take the time to get to know my information/charting.  They did not have enough knowledge in my condition to truly aid me the food was subpar.  The rest of the staff was amazing and they knew my history amazingly.
The lady at the desk is always rude extremely rude and gives me anxiety even before stepping foot in to get registered she's absolutely horrible
The last doctor on my last visit witch I don't remember is name, he's a fantastic doctor I was fortunate to have him twice in emergency. He's very thorough check for everything. For the number of times and seen several doctors in emergency I wish they were all the same.
The nurses are always friendly, efficient, and attentive.
The Nurses at XXXX, much like other nurses (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX)I have encountered in my year long cancer journey are spectacular and should be paid more and get two weeks free vacation to a tropical island every year paid by the citizens of Canada. Period.
The only thing I feel is needed to be improved on is the food.  It was cold most of the time.  As a chef food should be served hot and at a safe temp.
The part I was most upset about was that no one came to help me. I had crushed the end of my thumb, and I thought the triage was in the doors. Turns out that was just for covid. Nurses watched me sit and wait to be called on. I did not know I had to do the regular triage. I was crying, bleeding and in pain and no one directed me to triage as I sat there for about 20 minutes. And because of covid my friend could not come in and help me. I was in shock and left to figure it out on my own
The reason I discharge myself early was because there was a procedure going on in the middle night.  Number of nurses were loud.  The door was open.  They were putting a catheter up a man's penis and their were a lot of jokes going on.  And it was going to happen the next night as well.
The service was excellent, and if I ever have to go back, I would not hesitate to.
The staff in XXXXXXXXXX did a great job even though there was a power fail that morning.
The staff there were very understaff.  They were running around like chickens with their heads cut off.  Bells ringing and ringing.  You can hear in the halls and the staff moral was very low.  The food is like pig slop.  I have been in a lot of hospitals and I know hospital is not good but this was the worst. It is depressing  makes you want to not eat.  It is disgusting.  Walk around  nobody ate anything and people just put it in the garbage.  It is all very gray. It was cold.  Coffee cold and cream of wheat cold after 6 days. Gray  disgusting and cold.  That is why I recommended not going to that hospital. You are going to be depressed in there.
The team that was there the night that I went in were all incredibly busy but still took the time to do whatever they could to get us all looked after - great group of people!
The treatment was great but I got lost in the system between the covid screening and triage.  I was in immense pain from XXXXXXXXXX and had waited for 2 people who arrived after me with little pain to be triaged, then waited more until the registration lady just came and asked why I was I there?  (Also, the second person triaged had covid symptoms and sat within 6 feet of me, after triage, was not told to distance from anyone, this was just adding anger as I should not have been sitting there anyway).  One of these 2 people even left after getting into triage as he decided he was ok.... and I was at about a 9 pain wise.  I was not going to call or complain about this, I am happy to have good help so close and things happen, but now that this survey came, I was encouraged to mention it.  I was there the night before as well and was triaged and treated a lot faster. Thank you for listening!
The visit I have answered these questions in context of was a colonoscopy examination.  The only problems were clumsiness in inserting my IV needle, which caused needless pain (a second nurse was called in who did the job without difficulty) and a bit of confusion about the results of the examination.  I was told that the doctor who conducted the examination would be beside me when I awoke to tell me what was discovered and what was done about it ... there was no-one there who could tell me.  I was told 'I suppose because the doctor left, there was nothing serious to worry about, and it transpired later that was the case.  A supposition is not really satisfactory in such matters.
The wait time could be cut down.
The wait to see the doctor was longer than I hoped.  The care was excellent and I was well treated.
The XXXXXXXXXX told me that someone would be with me as soon as possible, as they were all dealing with something, but that was only after about a 20-25 minute wait. Would have been more reassuring if someone could have told me sooner (there were a few of them in the XXXXXXXXXX).
There was a 24 hr delay in getting a PCA pump.  The pump was disconnected to give another IV and PCA pump was pumping onto the floor.
There was a change in doctor from my admission to the rest of my stay. A communication breakdown happened between both doctors!
There was confusion when I entered about what kind of care I would get due to past medical assistance.  I was put in a room with many people of mixed gender.  I had signed up for a private room and was put in a ward room.  This made me extremely nervous.
There was only 1 person taking blood so it took a long time between appointments.
They are always very polite and every time i have ever gone it has been very Professional and friendly.
They did a fantastic job and they did al the test they need to be done  am totally impressed and hey went above and beyond me   am really thankful and the surgery went well
They were prompt and courteous especially the nurses
They were top notch professionals.  Stressful covid period  they held up.  Total professionals.
This hospital is leaps and bounds more preferable to my local XXX.  The staff are very respectful and helpful and genuinely concerned for the patients.
This survey could have a 'not applicable' option.
This was a follow up visit  I was diagnose with prostate cancer follow visit.  After PSA test
This was completed by XXXXXX' mother as XXXXXX is X year old.  We are very satisfied with the care we received and have received in the past at this hospital.
This was the second time in the last three months I have had the opportunity to use the x-ray facilities at XXXX, and want to express my appreciation for your having that service available. In the first instance, I educated my XXXXXX -based doctor's office on the fact that her XXXXXXXXXXXX patients could get testing here without driving to XXXXXX --and had a chest x-ray done on a XXXXXX afternoon in advance of my trip to  the doctor's office the next XXXXXX.  The emergency visit was to determine whether my swollen foot meant that I had broken a toe in an accident at home: in and out in 45 minutes including x-ray and consult. Good job!
To have a shorter time in emergency I know some people go for some little think and hold the line.
To slow
Too much waiting time after you're shown to a room
Too short of nurses + too much work.  Food was awful  Glad to get home to have care.  The nurses are worked way too much.
Triage can take a long time.  Overcrowded emerg dept.  Sometimes no staff in triage dept.  Too much socializing of staff and making patients wait.
Two Emergency doctors were a disaster!
Very good experience
Very good experience.  Short staff and lacking resources.   Took a while to get out of the ER.  You could definitely see the lack of funding and staff
Very happy to have such a great facility so close to home.  Thank you for all you do everyday!
Very well organized visit.  Passionate and caring staff in the XXXXXXXXXXXXX.  Thank you  I am very fortunate to have such a caring team
W the pharmacist found out I was receiving a mediation that was harmful  The problem is someone told my husband who has dementia so I was not able to get the medication that was the problem, because my husband not remember  I still haven't got the problem.  XX.  Sorry about my writing  I have form of Parkinson's Disease  My hand shake  Sorry  I would like to know what your pharmacy found  XX
Wasn't able to use my toilet in my room  TV wasn't working.  Staff over worked  Would pick - up waste from bottom when they had a chance.  Patients out of control making it hard on staff.
We are going through hard times right now.  Your nurses and health care team are working hard.  My suggestion is to tell them that.  Thank them and tell them there doing a great job.  It goes a long way in keeping moral up.  I know this because I am a XXXXX and my place of employment doesn't do either.
We need a doctor.  Doctor shortage.
We waited in emerge for about 5 hours without being seen. My son was in pain with an ear infection. We left without being seen. It was 1 am and he had school and I had work the next day.
When I arrived at XXXX I was unconscious.  The following day I was transported to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for surgery.  After surgery I was returned to XXXX.  My family was well versed about my condition.  Myself and my family were extremely impressed with the care ie from the volunteers.  People from the kitchen, nursing staff, physio staff, paramedics, transfer paramedics and doctors.  "Thank you" so, so much
When some of the healthcare staff found out about my vaccination status for Covid they showed a different attitude towards me!
With the difficulty were are going through the nurses are working extremely hard and I tip my hat to them.
Wonderful hospital (superior to XXX)  - Terrible parking service!!  (No day pass - disrespectful)  - All staff wonderful  - physicians could explain more  - Keep up superb work XXXX!
Wonderful nurses + doctors  A need for discharge orders to be informative and clearly explained
Wonderful staff
XXXXXXX and XXXX are very kind, considerate and helpful each time I have an appointment.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is AWESOME!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX provides excellent service and is a valuable part of the community.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a very good hospital.  I actually got injured in XXXXXXXXXXX and first went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and waited almost 2 hours for the triage nurse to see me.  When I was told it may be another hour of waiting I left and had my daughter drive me back home to XXXXXXX.  Thank you XXXX!
Yeah for the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX the parking is ... the parking I disagree with for the hospital. Ya know for those of us that are just seeing outpatient and in my case with my ears you should have 15 minute parking spots available or 15 minutes free. Its just in downtown XXXXXXX with their new meter system the first 15 minutes free.
Yes  XXXXX/nurse took away my walker and wheelchair  Because I did not ask for help to move around in my room.  I held on to everything.  Every nurse disagreed my wheelchari should have been left  I was terrified have panic  She only worked 1 night I was in rehab room - left 1 week later to go home.  From Attachment -  So sorry.  My writing not the same since the hospital.  I can't read myself.  I wish that men would not be in same room as women.  I put up with 2 of them in 2 different rooms  2 of them actually coming into my room.  Never spotted both them then to get out.  XXXXX  XXXXXXXXXXXX
You guys are doing an awesome job!
Your doctor googled my symptoms before even talking to me told me it was definitely muscle spasms told me to walk it off.  So I got up and cried the whole way out because I could NOT walk with how I hurt my back.  Your doctor didn't offer an xray even he told me heat for the pain.  I have a HIGH pain tolerance and before coming in I was at work and literally fell to the floor and was stuck there for 45 minutes before I was able to crawl to my car.  And your doctor completely dismissed me.  My chiropractor was horrified they didn't xray me and turns out I had a bulging disk which would have shown up on a stupid xray had your stupid doctor even bothered to provide any sort of care.  If I had wanted pain meds I would have went to a pharmacy.  I wanted care.  And because I was young female and in obvious distress you treated me like nothing.  The care at XXXXX emerg department is seriously sub par to the rest of your hospital.  And I will NEVER forget this experience it was absolutely traumatizing
Your doctor's are very rude and really don't care about anyone but them self
1) I found staff, treatment, and overall care to be top notch 2) I'm grateful for the medical help during detox/withdrawal 3) Staff went above & beyond to set me up w/ ongoing support upon discharge
1) Quality of food is sub par. I spent a week at the facility and did not receive any fresh fruit, salad, or veggies 2) Maybe it's covid, but I had expected there to be programming ie group therapy, or any type of planned activity 3) My husband was not ab
14. For the Staff. Yes. Instructor of the students nurses would yell at me and hassle in front of students but the students were great just the instructor. She would say Stop complaining nothing wrong with you. But my pain was legit the next day the nurse
1st Attempt - Survey Completed - No Alert - XX
1st Visit April 10th 3 days in the hospital. Confused about information I was getting. Sent home with no solution. This is the second visit I have pain in spine Away from kids and family for one month. Bone can be treated why send me home. Everything good
20. Papers were given paper but rude and poor approach and rushing out. Could not even understand her. 30. Admission nurse was so bad they should be making people comfortable because you are going into surgery she put my anxiety through my roof. She said 
4. Paralyzed waist down, wet myself, they came right away and changed everything. Catheter very professionally done. 6th floor Nurse Bruce wanted send Tim Hortons gift certificates. Very please with my nurses. Very good. All were treating profession. Tota
A couple days later I had to go back and the triage nurse was telling everyone they couldn't leave because they would get funding cuts. People were starting to leave because of the wait.
A lady overdosed in the bathroom. Another man was drug-induced in the emergency room. It didn't seem like there was enough security in the emergency room.
A lot of people want to stay in touch so should offer free wifi. Was comfortable in the lobby. Process to check in was straight forward. Washrooms were pretty clean. TV not working right needs to fix. They explained the wait time of 2-3 hours but got out 
A patient have to wait too long to get cure.
About the medicines they don't give medicines for kids. They only tell us to take Tylenol. They do blood work and they don't call back for results. And we don't get any calls from hospital regarding these results.
Accidently discharge then forgotten about for 1.5 to 2 hours. The doctor came in and then did the interview order tests I was waiting for the tests. So I was waiting and a nurse came by and assigned someone else to my room and finally figured out what hap
Admitted 23, left 24th, had to go back 25th. Went back to ED 7am new nurse came in she was so nasty worse I every encountered I used to work in the health field and in and out of hospital for 35 years. I have never been treated like a piece of crap like s
After waiting six hours to see a doctor I left the hospital. I never saw one. I was told that I was going to see someone because I went there for pain meds. There were no walk-ins open and that is why I went to the hospital. I knew that I needed the meds 
Ah no we loved the nurses they were wonderful.
All good but the wait times.
All I can say everybody was great.
All I'd like to say is I was extremely happy with the treatment at the hospital. I have nothing but good things to say about them. Thank you.
All nurses were respectful and concern with my heart condition. They did fantastic job making feel at ease. They shocked my heart told me about the test an how it is going to work. Everyone explain what their role was. Very impress with the visit and leve
All of your symptoms pertained to the previous operation at the XXXXXXXX hospital for a hip replacement about two weeks before this incident. It was determined that it was from dehydration.
All staff were very knowledgeable and informative regarding any questions I had regarding treatment, drugs etc. Nurses were very nice and receptive, checking on you often, answering your questions
All the nurses are fantastic!
All the nurses are really good. Last year I had a better experience but this year was a bit more hectic. The nurse's desk was in front of my room so it was noisy. After my door was closed it was fine. In general very good staff.
All the staff are really nice knowledgeable.
All the staff I interacted with very all very helpful kind and overall it was a great experience. The nurses did a great job as well.
All things were good thank you so much.
All was perfect.
All was very helpful in helping me to get well Staff are exceptional as is social worker
Almost all the nurses were helpful and insightful about my questions or concerns Doctors gave me a regiment of medication that feels right and works for me.
Alternate shift change times instead of all being at the same time. Like 1 or 2 nurses at a time switching shifts.
Always been treated very well. Everything was ok.
Am alright with the nurses and DRS and am upset with the staff who were screening in the front for covid they were very rude and racist in the ED. Am Chinese and they treated me not equal I hope someone will hear this and
Am just grateful for the services I received thank you very much
Ambulance lady left her alone in the hospital nurses put me in the wheelchair and left me in the corridor. I am in so much pain the nurse put me in a wheelchair near the bed and nobody helped me to get on bed they just left without helping me at all. Then
Apart from nurses being very amazing to me. Dr Kareena and Dr McKain they were very nice.
Appreciate it if the wait times could be reduced.
As I told you they have to be more careful. It happened again I am in a dangerous situation. Everything can go to septic for me, but they ignored and after two days they called me to prescribe antibiotics. They did not give me any support in XXXXXXXXXXXXX
As soon as I walked into the front door I was meet by a greater and asked what was going on. They went right away they went to the Nurse and let them know and that I took my epipen. It was nice to have someone there to push things through as sometimes you
Basically looked after me extremely well. They found my heart problem I was not aware of and it probably saved my life. Amazed at how well they treated me. I can't believe how well they treated me.
Because I was admitted to one hospital and had to go to another and sent back to my secondary hospital my discharge info only included the second part of my stay the records I was provided didn't include my other stay from the 18th to the 24th I've left s
Because my ankle was swollen I used a wheelchair to get into emergency. To get to the x-ray they asked me to walk by myself and I said how do you expect me to walk and they said just try and it took over 15 minutes. There wasn't much concerns for my situa
Being able to interact + visit w/ family was helpful Nurses being available to answer any questions Lots of activities to do when bored
Being treated with respect.
Best ER visit I ever had.
Better communication
Better if you had beds. I had spinal fracture and had to lay down on the floor. No one could help me. When finally got in a room there was no beds. I sat for another 4-5 hours before approaching another nurse and she said oh we have one. Waiting 7 hours b
Biggest problem I had to wait for emergency for about 14 hrs before I got a room. I was in a lot of pain and only got pain medicine when I got a room.
Both nurses were great. XXX.
Broke my nose. They take xray and call me and they did not say who they were and they spoke fast. I called back and they wanted to know which doctor called me and I did not know. He did not say who he was. So not helpful.
But the only issue I had were some of the other patients were unruly. The patient in the other bed was handcuffed to his bed and he had police officers around. But that's nothing to do with the care though.
Cannot complain. Doing your best.
Cant thank them enough it was a great experience.
Care is very good just took a long time to go through.
Client found the Dr was a little rude towards her and not entirely clear in regards to her care and the answer he gave her dr made a comment that made her feel a little uncomfortable/slightly inappropriate towards her care and needing to have pelvic rest.
Client was a little concerned that when she walked (more like hobbled in) and none of the staff offered a chair or assistance in moving. Given her end result was a fibula fracture above her ankle. They did not provide a chair to the xray room or when movi
Client was very happy with the nurses bedside manners and how caring they were with her.
Communication between the different areas/sections in the hospital could be improved.
COMMUNICATION! Zero communication of daily tests, blood work about my CK level and how to manage it! I just had blood taken 10 days in a row. Patients should not have to rely on google to understand high & low ck levels & how to manage. It shouldn't take 
Communication!!! I was 2 hours late for my surgery. They had changed the time to 2 hours earlier and didn't let me know. They called me that morning and asked where I was. I had planned to be at the hospital by 8am and surgery at 10am. She called me at 7a
Compared to other hospitals it was really good. I was happy with my visit.
Compared to other hospitals this was well above the standards of other hospitals. They clean me good. Food was excellent. Except where they put me the first couple days with the Alzheimer's PTs. I had to ask to be moved.
Confusing the leaving I was told that I could not allow come to the hospital because I was at 5th floor I don't have cardiologist. I feel good I have no physical problem I get my license back that would be great. Its coming home and you guys told me you c
Considering I was high priority it took my from 8 PM until 2 am to get seen. When I asked regarding waiting they didn't even listen to me we got into the room and then my husband had to stand in the hall way  and get the doctor and the doctor wouldn't giv
Considering the fact that I had to spend a lot of time there before there was a room available it went as well as possible but we need more space and rooms in the hospital.
Couches/more comfortable places to work would be nice
Could be more faster. Treatment was slow.
Could have been resolved in an hour. Took 5 hours. Other than that everything was good.
Could not say enough my stay was excellent. It was awesome. I thought the food was pretty good. Some would pop in and see if I needed anything. Went above and beyond.
Couple days after I gotta there I went to washroom they did not give me pantie and give me a diaper in the morning I has to go to the washroom I told the night shift nurse she said you gotta wait I got an accident and pooped in my pants and sitting in the
Covid process would be fast as soon as you entered in hospital I think it would be better system.
Dentist and surgeon were shocked the hosp did not do xrays upon visit. Tried to force mask rule when his face was what was the issue nurses were also short and slightly unprofessional and gossiping right beside patients bedsides.
Did a good job waits were not long they address the issue.
Did have minor suggestion during the day hours there is someone at a desk to help talk to patients who are waiting. I came around 8pm. Nobody was there and multiple patients who were very agitated. Could have use assistance. One person walked in the offic
Did not care for the food. I was really disappointed. The juices and dessert were fine but the main meal the meat could not eat it. I ate part of it. But did not taste good to me. One thing I did not like.
Did not get a room for a few days. The place was a zoo. Those nurses don't know how they put up with it. If it was me I would strangle some of those people. ED men and women are something else. Last year when I was in recovery the nurses were great. But t
Did not have cane and was in a big wheel chair ask to go bathroom but they left me there. One of those wheel chairs could not move myself. They left me in a bathroom in a wheel chair I would have been left there for over an hour. Reach around behind me sq
Did not know what to expect in general my expectations were exceeded. Was not disappointed. One doctor in ED was stand offish and cold but from then on in was great.
Did not receive my lunch.
Disappointed in ICU. I know they are busy. The head doctor was nice. But another 2 treated me unprofessional I was bleed out all over and they just put a bandage on it. They need to take it down to the strips and fix it right. I had most of my Bowel remov
Disappointing that they took my license away. I was driving since 15 Drove truck until I was 80. Most disappointing thing with this and I am very upset. If I was unable to drive I would quit but I am not in that condition. Other than that give it an A one
Docs were excellent and nurses were excellent.
Doctor Oliver who delivered my baby girl was amazing and as well as all of the nurses. Had issues in Triage they sent me home and I told them that I should not be sent home I almost delivered my baby on the bathroom floor. I have an allergies to penicilli
Doctor was not forthcoming enough. He told me I had bacterial infection and to go to XXXXXXXXXXXX. I thought he was very rude.
Doctor Yin Chan gave me two diagnosis and none of them were right or did not address properly. It was very disturbing to me. I appreciated the service the hospital did. I wish I could help to improve and I could have some support. I had to sell my house t
Doctors and nurses are amazing on oncology floor. Dealing with number of patients. Astounded how good their care was and how they knew what they new about each patient. Cleaning staff were kind and friendly working hard and trying hard sometimes under sta
Dr. B is fabulous. The Surgeon. Just the right balance between talking to the patient and the teen patient.
Dr. D-lesio in the emergency department was very good at explaining things to me and I felt much better after talking to him. The wait time for blood work or ultrasound is a bit long.
Dr. was the best doctor. Downfall was waiting 8 hours for stitches in my mouth. That was hard. But doctor was amazing.
Due to COVID I had to go on my own for a major surgery. I was told one thing before going to hospital for pain control but when I was in there I had to ask for pain control. It was not the case with other hospital. I kind of left out here for pain control
During my hospital (unreadable) noise was a major issue for me in a (unreadable) for cramping (unreadable) check ups to other patient being (unreadable) and laughter from staff is (unreadable)..
During my stay the AC was not working there.
During this admission they couldn't find out what the cause was for my dizziness. They treated me very well while I was there.
During this emergency visit the process is very slow. In emergency we should be cared within 1 hour and I had to wait more than 5 hours. After 5 hours my body started to recover from the problem without taking any medicine. Reports and tests should be don
ED sucks. I was put in room after a car accident and no one came see me for the longest time thought it was weird especially being in a car accident. Understood why took so long to get a Doctor because there was only one. Need more care and more workers w
ED wait most disappointed in I waited 8 hours or more before I saw a doctor. The cleanliness of the room and bathroom that I was admitted to was not good. By the end I did not want to use the washroom. The care was excellent but the cleanliness and the wa
Elizabeth was super sweet. She was there for me but she was the day shift. When shift end not the same experience. They would came talking like not even there. Was not professional talking about me but and I was right there and I am trying to push. Making
Emergency dept. the wait is way to long and its no reflection on the nurses or people working they are superb but their hands are tied and have to follow procedure but the sytem need improved as it is not fair to make a person wait that long in pain. Afte
Emergency was very good but the communication was poor. I had my stomach blocked and the doctor unplugged me and sent me to a bed After that there was no communication between dr and nurse. After 3 hours the tube was removed I was given solid food and wen
Entire experience was positive. Staff was very supportive. Great experience.
ER care was lacking in service. Personnel.
ER care was very poor about the nurse and on the floor all nurses wearing strong perfume and I have problem with that and I asked to main nurse to not sent any person who wearing perfume specially nurses and house keeping staff but they does not follow th
Erosion of Nursing. 1. Never checking Blood pressure routinely when had a BP problem. It was 170 over 110 and I took my own pills in my purse and I know they don't like that but I did it for my safety. When it was checked again it was 140/80. 2. Not routi
Every one was lovley
Every one was really good
Every single person I had with me was beyond excellent.
Everybody complains it was too long. But very very cold door open and closing no place to stay warm had to pt my coat around me and when I complained no offered me a blanket. It took a long time and it is hard with breathing problems. I know they are  doi
Everybody did such a great job!
Everybody is 100% amazing from the dr to the clinic staff There is nothing negative I could think of
Everybody treated him with dignity and respect. They were above reproach.
Everybody was attentive and they communicated very well there was a lot going on and I was not prepared physical and mentally but everyone help and gave me the power to chose but still give me the medical information It was really comforting and a good ex
Everybody was fantastic The doctor did their best.
Everybody was good it was a big surprise. It was real good.
Everybody was great and I appreciate everything they did for me and they were very understanding.
Everyone on the medical is excellent
Everyone one was absolutely fabulous Amazing Amazing
Everyone there was absolutely wonderful but the hospital is not funded nearly as much the wait time was absolutely ridiculous. I had 2 testes done and had to wait over 12 hours for the results. With all the cut backs there is not nearly enough people work
Everyone was great. Good stay. The issue was my daughter was a XXXX old. I am a breast feeding mother. Hospital policy could not have any food from the hospital. How can I feed my child when I can't get food. Not staff's fault but who every made the polic
Everyone was helpful with what they were able to do. I had a bad experience the doctors did not expect to happen what did happen so they were not prepared. But they did an Amazing job for what they were able to do. Before I have never had an issue and eve
Everyone was nice.
Everyone was very nice I've been dealing with an Atopic pregnancy and I feel that the reason I have to keep going back to emergency is because of the way they are set up. I feel like if they were set up better for people experiencing miscarriage and these
Everyone was very nice.
Everyone was very supportive they new I wanted to be pushed and I got out a day earlier then I expected it was very nice.
Everyone was wonderful. Thank you and I appreciate it.
Everything generally good
Everything OK but it was too long. Doctor very good. I wait 8 hours for Doctor to help me.
Everything should be done the way the night nurse did it.
Everything was at 100% the food was good. Everything was good no complaints whatsoever. Don't know how they do it they were very professional. They should get a gold medal. He wants his surgeon and all the nurses to know this. The PT department was superb
Everything was fine
Everything was fine.
Everything was good for me am happy about it nurses where good
Everything was good we left with instructions to follow up and his health care providers are always great with him
Everything was good.
Everything was good.
Everything was good.
Everything was good. And the nurses were amazing.
Everything was good. Some of the nurses were very kind and caring. Others I don't know- they were rude. Some of the nurses don't look after the babies when they cry; they just ignore. The good nurses d care and look after the babies.
Everything was good. Waited 3 hours to see a Doctor and I was so much pain. But everything else was good.
Everything was great everything went smoothly
Everything was great he nurses were nice its just the ED part the long wait is to long - triage was rude I do understand the priority of other PT when I asked the triage nurse replied rudely
Everything was great. I want to thank the doctors as well as the nurses for all the help they provided me. They were very helpful considerate and they would explain everything very clearly so I understand what was happening.
Everything was k as far as my say was except this time I was in a room and they wanted to kick me out I had said I will pay for the room and they wanted to kick me out after I had signed the documentation the other time I had family and a DR came in and t
Everything was ok but the waiting time was very long .
Everything was ok. Just the wait was too long that's all
Everything was Pretty good and we came in with the paramedics and everything was good
Everything was really good The only thing was the wait time It took to long It was kind of weird as there was only one other person ahead of me but other than that the care is very good
Everything was very good and the people were very nice; however the doctor I saw I had to wait for four hours. He came in for two minutes and left for a few more hours. When he came back this time he was only there for a few seconds and left. This concern
Everything was very good the delivery was a little difficult but the staff and doctor were amazing at making a smooth transition and kept me calm throughout.
Excellent care but concerns that the person who was my roommate should have been in another ward. I got along with him find but I am a social worker so I was concerned.
Excellent care.
Excellent employee's
Excellent experience from start to finish. The best I ever had. I let everyone know that. It was fantastic my surgeon and nurses the intake it was great.
Excellent food
Excellent NP started then doctor took nail off. It hurt a lot. Had to be done.
Excellent staff, feel that the hospital is looking very shabby and I would like to see a new big hospital built, rooms are small and pokey, otherwise nothing bad about treatment or staff.
Excellent.
Experience was good. Learn more about the baby the breast feeding classes were very helpful as this was my first baby.
Fairly good. Frustrated they could not tell me what was wrong. But it did get better.
Fantastic
Feels that is should say Caucasian instead of white on the survey
Felt I needed home care for my foot. I got my dressing changed everyday but now have to go to the clinic. I have to carry 2 pumps and have a cane and I have an air boot and go to the clinic. Wish them all the best because they are in trouble.
Felt wait time was a bit too long for the issue As it could've been resolved quickly.
First of all the care was so good from the emergency nurses to as soon as I got into my final room. Eventually I got put into a ward. One of the patients was leaving that day and his relatives had brought in alcohol for him and the nurses knew this and th
First time I went to the ED in the ambulance I was given Tylenol 3 and was sent home. Had to go back 2 days later in the ambulance getting worst and worst. They did a CT Scan and my appendicitis burst and had to have surgery. Then I was sent home after an
First time in the ED. Did not have expectations but was timely and address my concern.
Follow up was the problem I was instructed to wait for my MRI I was told if I could not get one in two days I would come a demand one So I came in and they could not give me the MRI On Wednesday I waited for ten hours and one could acknowledge how long it
Food is outrageously terrible and that's my only complaint.
Food services could be better I have had bariatric surgery and my parents had to bring in food as I wasn't getting enough throughout my stay.
Food still terrible and very cold in hospital. The nurses on 6n were terrific.
Food suck it was awful and I was not alone.
Food sucks. Other then that pretty good stay.
Food was terrible but it was good for me I lost 24 lbs.
For some reason food was offer which I assume for some legal protections for the hospital rather than medicine the food was puree you have a mess of colored bits and pieces very bland. Could add salt and pepper. Lost 5 lbs in the hospital 3 days must have
For the hospital I put a 7. The hospital food They keep missing  out on what I chose One day I got half a lunch Did not get supper just tea and butter. The meal plan was lacking It was deficient When I told them they said this is what you  have and the sh
For the most part was good. Only challenge to remember specific restrictions with regard to my situation they were find tune. Minor ones about taking care of the incisions. They go over things but at discharge paperwork is genernetic. At the time we under
Found that the wait time was rather long she spent most of the night just sitting in a wheel chair.
Found the wait time for a bed far too long. The most frustrating was the lack of communication from the dr's. They are spread too thin within the system to take the proper time.
Fracture needs to be investigated further. I was being treated only for your pain.
Free time activities. One on one time with staff
Freeport has been good stay there. Unfortunately they did not wait until I was 100% cure. Last 5% made a big difference could be just a couple days it is pity. Now it came back and I have a physiotherapists coming for 5 days. At the hospital it would have
Get better service to the people who are sick. Terrible service. The doctors don't know nothing. I never wanna see the inside of another hospital ever again.
Getting me a paper to go see someone about my heart and I have not received anything yet. That was 2 weeks ago Today I can breathe well. Anxiety and depression causes me to have a hard time to breathe.
Give a better idea about the locations when you take in. They kept moving me.
Glad you called. Looking for the options. I have never waited 11 hours. I understand they were overrun that day. Dr. walked in told him it was head injury I got at work. There was white fluid coming out. I told him last time something similar happened and
Going out for smoke breaks would help relax me a lot better. being able to have more than 1 visitor a day would make time go faster.
Good experiences We in good hands with our health care
Good job.
Good one.
Good persons
Good room for diagnostic Amazing
Good Service.
Good. Met new friends
Got a call about the results which was unrelated to the issue why I went. The call was made by someone who did not speak English very good so did not completely understand and did not know what direction to go with the results. Then they said to go to the
Grand River come to Peterborough and give a course how to improve things there.
Great but for the people around me it was not great. People around me did not to know when they were going to have surgery and they were laying there for 3 and 4 days. XXXXXXXXXXXXshould work on that but for me it was great.
Great care
Great care.
Great experience.
Great Experience.
Great experience. (Pt was asked to give pain medicine but she didn't take)
Great nurses great doctors they took care of me very well I was happy with the outcome of my surgery as well.
Great stay but during the night my IV beeped and I turned it off to not wake up the other people. I buzzed the nurse to tell them. The nurse was really upset and said I was not on IV. She then put it on at the wrong setting. I had to get her to check. She
Group therapy while you stay in inpatient therapy in general or some type of counseling.
Group was very helpful for me.
Had a good overall good experience with my first child Nothing to complain about. They answered all my questions.
Had a pleasant time given the fact I was in labour staff were wonderful and I can't complain.
Had a poor experience in triage went to the nurse 3 times. 3rd so much pain I said I needed to stay Don't want to leave. Want to be check with the on call OB. The nurse pushing me to go home OB checked me and I was 7 cm dilated within an hour difference. 
Had a really good experience.
Had a very good experience.
Had a very high regard for the ED.
Had great care in the hospital. When I left I was a little coherent so any information that was given my husband and children was there so they knew what I needed when I got home.
Had to wait so long so much pain for my gallbladder I had gallstones was there at 7pm and left at 220 am. They gave me a pain killer at 2 am. I did not appreciate that and had to wait so long. Did not have a good experience.
Handed me a bag to do stool samples I had a 24 hour window to hand them in. They said bring back next day and when I did they would not take them. I needed a Referral. Went back home and was on the phone for an hour or two took rest the day to find out if
Happily surprised. I was very grateful.
Has always been treated well whenever she has visited this hospital.
Have been there when not a good experience. But this time it was a good experience. This nurses were good but very busy with really sick people. I was not as sick as other ones. Don't want it to seem that they were not good to me because they were there w
Having doctors/psychiatrists force a plan down my throat. I have disorders and I might need to come back They encourage you to if you need help but when you do it's like pulling teeth, which makes asking for help feel like a burden.
Having time to talk to nurses privately while in a time of crisis. Peer support groups. Social work.
He was disappointed that he was left without any treatment instructions (had a variety of tests and at the end of it he was not told anything that he should do so he felt his visit felt without purpose)
Healthcare is bullshit
Helpful -> staff was very helpful They made appointments for me Helped me get back on track w/ school & helped write a note to school so I can graduate in 2 weeks.
Helpful in answering my questions Informative Tended to my needs
Horrible food they sue to offer ginger ales and stuff and they do that anymore not saying that i needed anything but had to get my daughter to bring stuff with covid and everything be locked down and unlocked down i know they don't cook in the hospitals b
Hospital was very clean nurses were very very friendly and good. Doctors were very very very good. I love that hospital and recommend anyone to go to it.
How come there was no volunteers to walk people down the hallway. The girls were busy so I did not know if I was suppose to ask and it would be at the bottom of the list and did not want to bother them. Only got two walks in when my husband would come.
How long to get into a doctor in ER. Some people actually left before getting help.
I already knew what was wrong with me if they asked me what was wrong I could have told them and listened to me the patient about if I had feedback or concerns as patient knows themselves best I could have told them overall the care was pretty good
I already talked to the hospital and gave them concerns of mind. Computer security is not as secure as it should be. 2. Paint was peeling off the walls in my room. 3. Literature they gave me literature was out of date and inaccurate. 4. Student nurse did 
I always find every time I go to any hospital if you ask a quote on quote stupid question they usually respond rudely or snarky like you should know better. That I don't like I find that it's rude.
I always get good care there
I always go to Grand River Hospital and have been a volunteer there for years. I have always received excellent care. I hesitated about going because of COVID but my family doctor is the one who sent me to have this taken care of.
I am a cancer pt I was hospital pre-covid You could move around more When i was in this time They closed off a lot of halls I wanted to walk and there was no where to walk I went to the family room and it was empty it was so depressing They should have ca
I am a nurse and I know and understand. But I was  disappointed with comments that were made. I get that they are busy and short staffed but when I asked about my insurance and getting a semi private room they just said there is a list. When I mention tha
I am amazed how I helped me and expect the same in the future.
I am employed by XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX as XXXXX and where you type  your name at triage needs to be more noticeable because not only me but other people that came in did not know where to go to get help. It may be helpful to have an arrow on the floor or c
I am fine with it.
I am glad to see it has improved bad experience before very please on how things turned out this time.
I am happy and respect them. In case of emergency treat them as soon as possible for anyone. Someone is bleeding should treat them. I very happy.
I am impressed they were so organized
I am not get done ultra sound same day I need to came next day for that and that was not covenant for me
I am only sexually active with women so there were no need to check pregnancy test but doctor do so that so that was the biggest concern for me
I am really grateful for the nurse and doctors for their work The nurse who were in the waiting room she was quite rude she did not really work on that at one point I was in waiting in lots of pain she was not very kind but when I was in ER room that nurs
I am satisfied with this hospital. Everything was good
I am seriously not happy I came in after an accident, did not take an ambulance but I was in shock, took a long time to help. Hugh bump on my head my lip was busted my tooth went through my lip. Got Tylenol 5.5 hours into my visit. Everyone keep saying yo
I am so happy to live in this area and treated at Grand River. They did say when something like this to come back and help me right away. I made the right decision. They also let me know that the Ambulance could be called and they could administer the med
I am still in lots of pain. Everybody was very very good.
I am super impressed. Emotionally up and down. Everywhere we went they say hello staff communication full on aboard Nurses truly are doctors. Good at emotional care. Thoroughly enjoyed the experience if we have to be at the hospital and kudos to them. The
I am totally disgusted with how they are getting rid of the staff There isn't enough staff They cut down on the in home nurses. The nurses are worked off there feet there is so many people getting laid off. The technicians and the PSWs are a necessity and
I am very happy with hospital stay.
I am very pleased. I was looked after very good.
I am very thankful to doctors and staff and Dr. Gettys and the therapist Marcie. Amazing treatment what they offered me. Very thankful entire hospital.
I appreciate all the help and everyone who took good care of me.
I appreciated that the nurses made time during each shift to counsel me as well as frequent visits with the psychiatrist. The out-take worker was also informative.
I asked for a glass of water and nobody got me that. Some of the nurses were really good they took good care but I really needed the water.
I asked for a semi private and I was given a private room. It was across from the nurses station. I barely slept when I was there. I felt like I was in a closet with extra equipment. There was lots of noise both nights that I was there. It was so bad the 
I been in a few hospitals first time in XXXXXXXXXXX thought it was the best care I ever had. I am glad I am living in Canada.
I believe the way the staff is organized the nurses is in complete disarray. As a diabetic I had to ask several times for my insulin shot and my medication was hardly ever provided on time even though I would let the nurse know ahead of time what I would 
I called 911 Ambulance service was great. I give them 10/10. Very impressed with hospital
I came in during an outbreak so with socializing not being allowed it would have been nice to have some things to do, like more books. The nurses workloads are very full so interactions would be short and rushed which made it difficult to ask for things.
I came in with high blood pressure and they did not do any investigation to find why it was high he just saw me and said There's nothing wrong. I checked my blood pressure at home and it was very high is why I went to the hospital and I have to small chil
I came there with hypertension and another issue but the doctor wasn't listening carefully. The wait time was too long.
I cannot get over to say how incredible and wonderful were the hospital staff. They were so busy and the whole hospital was busy. And they never lost their humanity. The staff treated me so well. In the ambulatory room there is have a TV when you go and s
I considered XXXXXXXXXXX since XXXX it was always very good.
I could not thank them enough.
I couldn't possibly get any better care. I was pleasantly surprised by the care. The Nursing staff were above beyond.
I couldn't remember which one it is the first or the second. This survey is based on the first one. The first one I had a chest pain I was waiting it was not busy the waiting was too long. After triage I was waiting other patient was sent before me but th
I did experience a bad experience with one of the nurses there and that's about it but other than that everything was else good.
I did have a talk with health care provider for my 2nd appointment. They said to me that I forgot my mask but I had my double vaccination. The students work there keep telling me that I need to wear a mask. I told me that I do not have to. And when I went
I did not feel that I was checked up on often enough I had major fear and anxiety because of my condition I mentioned that to the Doctor and nurses but they did not do that. I was scared so I was not comfortable. Because of the anxiety I wanted to speak w
I did not get any communication of what they did until the last day not the Surgeon but the Surgeon's assistant came in and explained what they did in detail and what to look for in the future. He did a really good job in explaining it in detail.
I did not have any connection with home care coming to my home. Nobody mentioned it I had to contact my doctor. No one questioned it not my husband health not anything. With my age they should have been looking at that. I had to call a neighbor to do my t
I did not like the way I did not get a place to lay down I had kidney stones I was in so much pain I had to put blankets on the floor I got a bed after some hours
I did not receive any care and my health got worst
I didn`t get a shower or a bed bath in 10 days. They ran out of diapers they ran out of gowns to wear. The only time the bed was changed if I had asked them to do it. 2 days out of 10 I had food that I had ordered off the menu. I didn`t eat the first 5 da
I didn't like the fact they didn't want me taking my own medications they didn't trust me to administer my own medications. They should be more frugal with there supplies.
I didn't like the food the people supplying the food should be raked over the coals it was terrible.
I didn't think that the doctor came around enough I only saw him twice in three day and the second time was to ask me why I was there and send me home.
I do have have a recommendation. It is more or less about appointments beforehand. My roommate has an emergency surgery she's been required to pay parking for entire day. My suggestion is if someone has a pre designated appointment have parking available 
I do not feel I got the care I needed. If feels like they did not do enough for me. Pushing me to my family doctor. I am still on my bed with chronic back pain.
I do think I was given too much pain medication and because of this it really messed up my stomach.
I don't know if there was one specific incident with the nurse and there was a nurse that was pushing unsafe sleep recommendations that I was not happy with
I don't recommend it for any body I was disappoint with care it was to long the visit day was 6 hours and the 2nd day when I came for my results I had to wait 5 hours in the ED for no reason they should have someone who gives results the DR came for 2 min
I don't remember too much of it.
I don't think so I didn't have the very best that I could but part of that was my mental state and like this is very difficult to say because the nurses and hospital staff on the whole were very good so it's hard to sort of say with my mental state at tha
I don't think the doctor listen to all the things I was trying to get out. He felt very rushed in his visit. The nurses were exceptional.
I enjoyed my stay. I missed the people when I left.
I enjoyed myself while I was there.
I enjoyed the company i'm not a a quiet person I speak out and I don't lie to no one I like to help people I had a very nice and welcome stay.
I feel guilty going in for a visit when it is not a serious problem although my Doctor would have sent me to get an x-ray anyway. I had a 5-hour wait and I feel as though there should be different departments for different levels of priority.
I feel like in this time the nurses are less careless they don't care about you. They did my tests and they never asked me anything else like my pain Why I am here But my doctor told me what to do and to come back if I need anything else. I felt like I di
I feel that I am being discriminated by the staff at the hospital. Mostly by doctors than nurses. This has happened many times that I have gone there during the last 6 years. I am Muslim and wear a hijab. I watch other patients come and go while I am stil
I feel that the waiting time was too long. Doctors should give priority to patients with an emergency need.
I feel there were a lot of people there that didn't necessarily need to be there; some people needed care right away; there was a lady who came after me who seemed to be in real pain and I got to go before her.
I feel very grateful that I had the experience I did. In the ER they quickly found out I had a rare cancer they called a specialists in at 1:30 in the morning. The care was wonderfully while I was there and until I left and it has been very positive. The 
I felt as though being asked to come in for a follow-up, but I had to wait again and they did not even know I was coming?
I felt cared for in a manner was respectful and dignified compassionate educated and friendly I am so grateful for everything and every one I met. When a Nurse is on their last hour of 12 hour shift she still saying before I leave want to make sure you go
I felt dismissed. The doctor said it was vertigo and dismissed it by ordering a CT scan. Did not really treat my issue or symptoms.
I felt good and wanted to leave and the hospital will not let me leave.
I felt I was well treated. Being in oncology isolation it was pretty nice up there. The food was very good.
I felt it was mostly a peer run treatment/support run service other than the meds and food The services other than processing were lackluster, so I felt more support and benefits mostly from my peers.
I felt like I was forgotten as I was moved into different room and not attended by nurses/doctors. They walk past many times but didn't pay any attention.
I felt really blessed to have them there.
I felt that everything from when I entered emerg went pretty quickly and I had a ct scan so there was having to wait for result from that but from the first part everything moved along quickly. I was quite impressed with that.
I felt that it was frustrating that I dint have the support I need by having my husband around. I still don't know about my COVID Test it was handled very poorly I am not a Canadian so I am not familiar with the system. So not having my support my husband
I felt very comfortable; it was prompt I was well looked after; efficient; clean.
I found everyone to be friendly helpful kind and considerate some Nurse were more experience and professional but all very polite and helpful. Doctors were very helpful and respectful so I have not complaints. I felt it was a very good experience and I ha
I found everyone very professional and empathetic. I felt in good hands.
I found it just excellent all around and I was very impressed.
I found it odd that when someone is choking on something or something is obstructing there airway. You don't leave them to sit an hour an hour an half to see someone that's completely wrong I should not have to wait that long when I feel like I'm choking 
I found most of the staff very caring and helpful from the nurses, social work, doctors & etc. I found the staff didn't give up on me which was helpful.
I found that the other patients & the doctor I had while in psychiatric ward were friendly. They helped me feel like I wasn't an outcast. For first time in long time felt like belonged somewhere Leaving this place with friends who understand
I found the nurses in the birthing suite area very educated and friendly. When they were one on one they took the time to explain things with you the only issue me and my husband had was that they spent a lot of time in the nursing area socializing and it
I found the nurses were over worked but gave me very good care. Hats off to them.
I generally don't visit the ED but I felt it went smoothly - I was pleasantly surprised
I got a great care in hospital. These people are amazing. Amazing people in the hospital. I am so grateful. I got a GREAT care.
I got a rash on my leg I didn't now what it was I decided to go to emergency instead of waiting to see my healthcare provider It could have been many things If I would have known it was a Fungi I would have waited. I got the same medicine for a yeast infe
I got good care I well pleased.
I got pretty good service considering how bad they were tied down with major health issues. They did the best they could due to heart conditions and major problems with little kids. People that were more serious than I was.
I got the best treatment of the world. The nurses and the doctors were good! Specially the nurses in the six floor. They were just great!
I got there sitting in ED part. They called a group of us. Went to another waiting area. Felt uncomfortable because that is where the doctor treated me in front of everyone this should not be. Was busy but still. There must be a cubby hole you can tale me
I guess for me one issue was that we sat for long time I would say the time we took 30-40 min when nurses and doctors first saw us but later it took 7 hrs We needed to see a neurologist over there We were given the name of someone but never got the opport
I guess I just wanted to say that I suppose I must have landed there at a non busy time given what you hear about wait times that I was taken care of quickly. I went home feeling comfortable enough that I had the information I needed to deal with my probl
I guess the main issue with my visit to the ER there wasn't really until meeting with a Doctor. There was a miscommunication after 3 hours of visit the final Doctor gives the news about diagnosis and he spoke in a condescending tone and said there was not
I had a cut on my hand that needed stitches. They gave me a Tetanus shot but apparently did not clean the area well enough as the spot where the needle went in got infected. Also where they put the stitches also got infected. I had to go to a walk in clin
I had a excellent visit everyone was friendly and polite. I like the food and I was very comfortable. The doctors before the operation explain to me very good. The nurses gave me what I needed. It was really good I am really happy.
I had a good stay but the maternity ward needs more funding.
I had a great care thanks for everything.
I had a great stay. My experience was awesome.
I had a mini stroke Went to XXXXXXXX and when I left they said if it gets worst go to XXXXXXXXXXX. It got worst and I went to XXXXXXXXXXX and sat there and waited for 8 hrs to get a bed. If they would have acted quickly they might have been able to revers
I had a nurse her name was XXXXXXXXXX and I'd have to say she made my experience so fantastic. She went above and beyond for me I felt very comfortable receiving care from this nurse she made a difference for sure.
I had a pretty good visit
I had a problem with wait time from ED to receiving at diagnosis 6 hours later. I was received at surgery until 10 hours later. It took that long for me to get admitted to the surgery for appendix operation after finding out the cause.
I had a really good experience while I was at the hospital. I would recommend it to anybody.
I had a really good one. The food was really good. They send up spicy food that some people can't eat.
I had a really great experience with everyone. The only difficulty was the long wait to speak to a doctor in the ER and then after I was admitted it was a long time before I could speak with a Doctor.
I had a severe pain and they took me inside for 8 hours and the also made me wait It took me 18 hours It was difficult They did not treat me nice
I had a sore throat and the urgent care clinic turned me away because I had covid symptoms and was told to go get a covid test and come back with a negative result or I could go to emerg. as they were seeing potential covid cases.
I had a student nurse and she gave me an injection and she yanked the needle on my arm so badly. She jabbed the needle in my arm so hard I had instant pain in my hand. Today this is 2 or 3 weeks back and I still have pain in my right hand. The needle was 
I had a test done and didn't get my results for 2 weeks I called back and they couldn't tell me They just mailed me the report
I had a very good experience they tended to me in perfect timing I was very happy.
I had a very good overall stay. I was very supported by the staff. They were very helpful and provided information.
I had a wonderful stay and think it was alright. Thank you.
I had an excellent stay. The only reason it was not a 10/10 in a question was because there was some miscommunication between admissions and the OR department.
I had blood on my nose lips hands and face and I was surprised that they did not clean me It was still on my face when I got up home. But I think they are great and everything is good.
I had coverage for semi private room but I did not get it.
I had covid and I didn't get any medicine for 16 days. I feel like I should have had something every day to help me with my health.
I had excellent care
I had excellent care.
I had excruciating pain sent home and told to take over the counter medication which did not help at all and that is why I was back at the ED 36 hours later. After 3 visits I am still flat on my back and still don't have a diagnoses.
i had great nurses and doctors very pleased with everything
I had knee surgery came out with an ankle and chen injury the surgeon has been notified but I  am unhappy about that. Not sure if surgeon read my file because I have Lupus and not able to take antiinflammatories and the surgeon did not know that. It appea
I had lots of pain and till 15 hours they did not gave anything.
I had midwife I was admitted with XXXXXXXXXXXX so the midwife was there the entire time.
I had my hip surgery on September 11th. I was well prepared from the pre-op information the nurses were great except for one. It was the night nurse who looked after me after my surgery. She did not show any compassion for my situation. At one point I nee
I had no issues at all it was great.
I had one nurse that threw the bag that my daughter brought me full of food on the floor and told me to get it myself; I could barely walk and couldn't pick it up; she wouldn't heat up my food; she was eventually taken off my care.
I had one that I was told would be done and it never happened and they showed up 2 days later and didn't tell me why. I felt they took incredibly wonderful care of me and I couldn't say enough about how kind and thoughtful and knowledgeable and pleasant e
I had some nurses that were damn good and I had some nurses that should have been kicked out the door.
I had tests done as well as a take home kit that I was supposed to bring in the next day. It has been 2 weeks and I still haven't heard anything so that is the only concerning thing. XX
I had the ultra sound done in the hallway. The second visit I was given a shot of Dilaudid and I was out of it. I got booted out of my bed and put in a wheelchair and was left there.
I had to buy an orthopedic boot. Which I can't afford
I had to have a procedure remove a drainage bad before I left and they were going to do it when house keeping was cleaning my room and so I asked them to wait because of infection control purposes because of dust and such but I had to ask. Then the discha
I had to wait too long to get my test results.
I had to wear ear plugs at night because of the other people in the room who would get up to go to the bath room the night time was the problem.
I had two minor issues. One test was missed because I did not fast for the test and there was some sort of a slip up between the nurses communication and the note did not get added to the door wall and I did have breakfast so the test was delayed. I was i
I has surgery 10 years ago in another hospital. Things have changed the meds are better applied. Only problem was the cleanliness. One person would only clean a third of the room and I even told him where he missed and he went over and did it. He did not 
I have a critical condition where my organs shut down if I am not seen right away and I waited 8 hours in the ER. Some nurses are really good and have compassion. But there is other nurses that don't care about the patients. Some Doctors are good I had a 
I have an ongoing problem with my lung. Doctors have not been able to diagnose the problem. Very frustrating. ER is for life-threatening issues so hard for me to get care there. They give an EKG when I have breathing problems so not a hard attack. They ar
I have been battling cancer for the past 2 to 3 years and I have been getting excellent care I am extremely happy I can stop say enough about it
I have never seen my blood test results from the ER visit I had a CT scan and I was able to see the CT scan and the report on CT scan. That was a callback from that visit we are speaking. And I saw the results from the CT scan. But I have never seen the r
I have no comment
I have no comment
I have no comment
I have no comment
I have no comment
I have no comment.
I have no comment.
I have no complaints everything went in a positive way. XXXXX's wife XXXXX has mild dementia and the anesthetic really affected him. On the second night he had to be put in restraints and everything was done in a decent way. I wasn't there but I was told 
I have no complaints It was really good experience.
I have no complaints. I know others do but mine was ok.
I have no worries at the moment
I have not received best care They never take my injury seriously. The doctor does not listening to me. I was not taken very seriously. I had brain injury.
I have nothing but admiration for the staff. They're overworked, underpaid and they smile through the whole experience and they never make you feel that your care was that they needed to rush through your care. You understand that because the time they ne
I have nothing to complain about always had a very good experience. I like XXX I donate to them and I am happy with them.
I have only been in emergency department twice in the last five years and both times it took about four hours. I don't know if this is a standard of time.
I have to commend the hospital the nurses were accommodating like I never had before. The surgeon was great. Nurses made sure I was safe. The ethics and the way doctor introduce me to the full operating stuff. That was comforting. Dr. Rosso I commended hi
I haven't been in over 30 years. I was impressed. This is a very well maintained and the staff was excellent - very caring. They don't change your bed very often
I hope I don't ever have to do it again. Everyone was wonderful the nurses were great. my doctor is wonderful. My only complaints is with the pain- with situation it nobody's fault. That's my 4th operation I've had- this one would prove to be more difficu
I just felt that I had to wait too long for initial care . I was there regarding a heart issue and I was told I'd be seen quite quickly and I wasn't. I came as a recommendation from a Dr who asked to come to ER immediately.
I just give credit to the nurses who show a lot of empathy and to maintain order and its not easy and some people are very confused. I find them really good especially at certain times of day when accidents or baby with high fever comes in they are treate
I just had a long wait Every person I know in Canada say if you go to emergency you're gonna stay all day so don't go Lets say I heard a guy had an accident and he didn't go because he had to stay all night or 5 hours just to do an x-ray and say your leg 
I just hope not to go back again for long time
I just the nurses were awesome they were right on the ball so I really enjoyed my stay if you can do that but I did.
I just think if there was a way when a doctor sends you to emergency it can be handled differently. A little more expedited and more background and specifics so they could go from the first doctor's recommendations and then the emergency Doctor could take
I just think they did a wonderful job. We were very well cared for. Nothing negative to say. Except could not get into the parking garage without credit card.
I just want to say that I was there twice and everybody there was really wonderful. I only had a problem with one doctor. The first doctor was helpful and explained things. The doctor during this visit said that they weren't there to give out pills. They 
I know it took a little bit to get to my room. I did not sleep well the guy I was with had some issues. Talking to himself and mad at his wife. But he treated me ok.
I know they are busy and overall there could be some changes about mental health care. More beds and prompt care along with more staffing would contribute to easing the wait times and overall health care provided in hospital. I had one nurse and then whil
I know they are doing their best with the time slot they have. But I felt I was discharged too soon for all the walking I needed to do. I was vulnerable at one point when I was not getting the available rides in the wheelchair to go feed my baby. I could 
I landed there both visits were very prompt and very good. They were not insanely busy at the time so everything went very smoothly and very quickly. I found the staff very personable and they were really great. They are very attentive.
I learnt about blood pressure and how it works.
I like Grand river allot its my preferred hospital always treated well.
I like how I was able to pick my customized meals everyday. I was able to choose specific meals everyday and this was very nice. The fact that allow the PT for customized meals was very feeling and it was very good to me. Everything was great!. It was goo
I like the service.
I made friends with staff and patients.
I need one month to go to the doctor.
I needed the dressings changed and I was having a hard time finding someone to do this. Finally someone is coming tomorrow to do it.
I never make complain. I in and out many times. I don't know why people complain .
I never went to the hospital They are really good.
I noticed now that they have urinal thing and vomiting thing that is good they have TV and volunteer to help with the computer that's good.
I noticed there that anytime you try ask about formula supplementing they shut you down they don't let you really ask. Finally at the end of my stay I was able to get a pamphlet about supplementing. Furthermore they gave my baby a hep B shot without my co
I noticed there that anytime you try ask about formula supplementing they shut you down they don't let you really ask. Finally at the end of my stay I was able to get a pamphlet about supplementing. Furthermore they gave my baby a hep B shot without my co
I question there priorities. Its awful you wait that long when you are seriously ill.
I realize how understaff and how busy it gets. The time it took the care was excellent just the time it took to get it.
I really appreciated the people at XXXXXXXX on all three shifts.
I really appreciative of the care I received. It is a caring atmosphere people worked there because they want to. Or I was very lucky catching everyone in a good mood.
I really don't see a doctor very often I did not know what's going on Nurses explains but not much It was confusing stay.
I really don't see room for improvement.
I really enjoyed being able to take the reigns in this environment and help fulfill the goals and treatment plans of the other members of my group I feel as if I taught them great approaches to their mental health ailments, community supports and just gen
I received a good care.
I received excellent nursing care.
I received most... basically all English but the nurse practitioner who looked after me had a Chinese or Asian accent and it was just a little hard to understand her. In the past I guess in the past 10 years I've had to go to emerg maybe 3 or 4 times and 
I respect what they do for us and I appreciate it.
I sat in the ER for 9 hrs. Finally I saw the doctor he said I should have been icing it for the 9 hrs. So maybe the nurse could have given me some ice for the lump?
I sat in the hallway for a long time. We had to insist to have a CAT scan as they did not seem to give us enough to be sure everything was alright.
I spent about 5 hours in waiting room in emerg dept with a nutrifill level or .5 and that's a dangerously low number. I felt I was sitting at a dangerous number for to long. During my hospital stay I could not sleep there was a very needy partner beside m
I spoke to a crisis worker was not very nice to me. He made me feel like I should not have come to the ED and I wanted to leave after wards
I stayed there for more than 2 days. We don't have anything related to take a bath. There's no option for that. Everything else was great and up to the mark.
I still don't have the results of the nine tests and I have left hospital for two weeks. I asked for results from my family doctor he did not even know I went to the hospital after 1 week of the discharge.
I super impressed with everything. I was concern to go home Nurses and Doctors were beyond amazing. Awesome. Great experience. My family thought so as well.
I thank you to doctors and nurses and the staff of the hospital for working very hard
I think being sent home on a XXXXXX of course it is the weekend but I needed a lot more teaching I really feel they should not have sent me home when I was dealing with the something brand new new diagnosis could have been life and death situation. If it 
I think hospital staff are wonderful
I think I got really good care from the nurses and staff and also the PSW that help you get clean that is a very important part.
I think I had an awesome stay everyone was extremely helpful. Nurses and Doctors were awesome.
I think if the community healthcare is easily accessible ER would be not too crowded.
I think it is a disgrace to ask student nurses to offer their time for the hospital. Student has to volunteer and not get paid that is disgusting. That is child labour and I reject that. They are just as good as the nurses I appreciate what they do. That 
I think it is a good emergency department but they are so short staffed they only have two hands and as a patient you feel very much alone because you have to wait and wait and I do not want to criticize but there are too many patients and too little care
I think it is important to know I am pregnant and this was outside of my regular obstetrician visit. I spoke to both my obstetrician and family doctor after this visit and both were shocked and upset that more was not done to make sure I was okay as I had
I think it is too long once you figure out your heart rate and blood pressure is fine there should be a way to prevent having to be there for 6 hours. Even it they said come back later.
I think it was a good stay. They did all they could for me. Trying to find out where the pain was.
I think it was a great visit I had an unfortunate freak accident they took care of me they did the best they could and I'm very pleased I think that we live in the best country in the world and I love Kitchener and I cannot say anything more better I thin
I think it was a very satisfactory.
I think it was pretty good care for a busy place. I had a bad migraine but didn't have to wait quite a while but it wasn't life and death situation but it was great.
I think it was taken extremely serious and I had excellent service. It shock me how fast I was cared for. And for the question about problem going forward the Doctor encouraged me to look up some things to help me recognize the symptoms sooner. Everything
I think just that what brought my overall score down in terms of my general experience was the wait time as a new mom I was six days post partum and that was just a really I was there for oh my goodness over 4 hours I believe and it was a really long time
I think one thing I was really appreciative of was someone came a lab tech came to take my blood work and I told her I don't do well with my blood work getting taken I usually do best if I'm lying down and they told me it would take a bit longer to get it
I think overall I am quite satisfied with the visit.
I think overall it was a good experience besides it was a long waiting period I waited for over 6 hours which is not good. I waited 2-4 hours and overall I waited for 6 hours.
I think probably the one thing the hospital food was marginal.
I think that visit is very good but next one is not. The nest visit I had not this one the hospital was very under staff they made a mistake they give me a medicine that I was allergic to that was all written over the chart they should know. I got worse t
I think the best of the hospital my opinion is very well the staff and doctors and everything.
I think the biggest thing is in my case I am diabetic I had to ask them to check my blood sugar level which they didn't do it they had nothing to offer me as far as food goes there was no food available for me there was nothing to drink like a non sugary 
I think the biggest thing to me was the technology one thing I recognized. When I had the accident I did go to emergency right away. I had EMS support. I went to the emergency room when True North called me and said I need to go to emerge. I had to go and
I think the contact unit for oncology and cancer and inpatients the level of acuity very high geographically and the physical make up of the size and congestion were not tolerable. Physical limitations on hospital environment is not acceptable for most pe
I think the Doctor who was a gynecologists specialists was very excellent and he knew I was in pain and he was mindful of that and was less invasive as possible.
I think the doctors did the best they could Seemed like they were busy.
I think the food could be better. Healthier food.
I think the nurses are dreadfully over worked. They are doing an amazing job and they are under a lot of pressure. They need to be paid more. They need to be given more benefits. Health care should be a priority over roads and all of this other stuff goin
I think the only real issue is because we were in the children's ward The windows were big so there was no privacy for breastfeeding.
I think the public should be made aware of the time required for testing. I myself understand this but I speak to a lot of people who complain about waiting for hours and I think if people were more aware of the time required for testing it would be more 
I think the service was excellent during her overnight but I think still Grand River needs to improve with their emergency care because it take a while to see the doctor so even though the hospital was kind of empty it took a lot of time to see the doctor
I think the waiting time is too long. The time you spend with the doctor is shorter. It's like they're trying to get you out as soon as you are in.
I think the worst experience I had was with the food. I had a very restrictive diet after my operation and those needs were definitely not met. If I had not researched what to consume post-surgery there could have been serious complications.
I think there should be maybe a step before triage. Sometimes its very long before you even see triage for them to find out what is wrong with you.
I think there was a nurse practitioner and I was not sure what she was trying to do. I think she had her own opinions and she seemed to have some impressions from previous motor vehicle accidents and tried to minimize what I was telling her and later I fo
I think they all did an excellent job.
I think they are doing more 100% Not complaining All helpful.
I think they did the best they could.
I think they need a bigger ER or more nurses. You shouldn't have to wait for 3 hours to get treated. I waited for 6 hours with slipped disc and It was painful and all I wanted was a painkiller shot.
I think they need more nurses The nurses that were there they were doing so much They were understaff. Don't know how they are doing it with all the covid precautions. Nurses were great but need more.
I think they should improve the registration process it was very long and you are standing there in labour.
I think they took very good care of me and of course there was a wait time but that is to be expected in an emergency ward like that one. But once I got in there they treated me with very good care.
I Think things work reasonably well. It is tough to go to emergency as you know you are going to be there for a long time. This makes things kind of difficult and it would be nice if we could speed this up.
I thought everyone was wonderful and caring. They were very attentive and under the circumstances it was a good experience.
I thought I had a UTI or kidney infection. They didn't do any blood test and they did only tests about I thought I had but they did not do investigation on my symptoms or further tests and I left the hospital without knowing what I had. So I went to my fa
I thought I had an excellent visit I was impressed at how quickly I was in and out.
I thought it was good
I thought it was great hospital stay. They were amazing with my care.
I thought it was perfect in every way.
I thought it was very organized a well oiled machine. I was impress they were friendly and validated me for being there. Although they could not come up with a reason of what was going on I was comfortable with the plan going forward. It was great. Thank 
I thought labour and delivery was organized with excellent care the quality was great and I would not hesitate to recommend having babies at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I thought overall it was very professional that the caregivers were very attentive and thew overall experience was excellent
I thought that all the staff were very helpful and I especially like the doctor. They were on top of things. I had a great experience.
I thought that nurse was not as friendly as the other nurse. Dr was awesome he was very kind he got a neurologist to check on the results and I was very happy with the doctor altogether. He asked me to make sure to do the follow up. In general I've always
I thought that the doctors and nurses were excellent but I thought it was a long wait
I thought that the system works. Well I know you don't want this later. The only thing that is a little sticky is the fact it takes so long. But you know length and effects they're different things and the overall effect is good. It's working.
I thought the nurse practitioner who coordinated my care was fabulous.
I thought the nurses were really sweet and doctor was kind
I thought their meals needed an upgrade they were not good at all. Thought hospital itself needs to be upgraded. The surgical floor especially very run down. The people could not have been nicer. They took excellent care of me.
I thought was odd dressing on my incision. They told me I would have a dressing that was waterproof to shower with it. Pre-surgery said to go buy your own. I have to buy my own. Went yesterday to clinic they did not put on properly and it was coming off b
I told the doctor and nurse that I have got something inside my ear but the doctor and nurse declined and told me that there was nothing in my ear. But in my ears there were some eggs laid by a tick. The doctor didn't even try to listen and I felt like I 
I understand that emergency departments can be busy but I had to wait around 2 hours before care really kicked in and I was in a lot of pain I had kidney stones. One goes into an emergency department and doesn't want to create a big fuss so I just didn't 
I understand they are busy but I had my wife to St Mary's for a procedure and they wouldn't even let her walk out the front door without a wheel chair. In my case after they finished stitching me up they asked if I could contact anyone to pick me I said I
I waited 3 weeks to get a cast. The timelines between appointments take too long it should be reduced.
I waited for 5 hrs and so I left. I was in too much pain to sit and wait.
I waited significantly to long for a professional of statue and the nurse that did see was professional and thorough she was excellent but the wait times was extraordinary long. Total of 9 hours received care for 1 hour care for a finger that has taken me
I want those in urgent care or emergency to be able to give medication.
I want to compliment or applaud the paramedics that I dealt with As they assured me I wasn't in any danger and affirming I had the option to go to the hospital to get checked out as It was an anxiety based issue. I want to commend them on this. I saw a ma
I wanted an epidural and the epidural person wasn't available. It was too late and it kind of sucked. Better availability for an anesthesiologists would be ideal for me and other women.
I wanted to get a blood test but did not get one. I thought I was having an allergic reaction to the Covid vaccine.
I wanted to get some. I did not get the epidural. They said there was no nurse at that time.
I wanted wish you are good year. I receive good care it felt like you guys took good care of me. I hope that all patients in need with all situations get as good as care as I had.
I was admitted on XXXXXXX and abruptly extremely removed on the XXX. I was not giving any warning so I wasn't able to alert my family my things were packed and I was still in my hospital gown put in a wheelchair and moved to the 8th floor to call my famil
I was brought in hand cuffed by the cops ER was full so I waited for hour and half to two hours there in triage. There is no site there open nights I think there should be one. There should be a doctor for one down there If I took my regular meds they wou
I was connected to ECG but I didn't get a printout. It was done twice. The first time was about 20 seconds which I did get a print out. The second was for over half an hour (as I was having symptoms) and I didn't get a print out for that. More information
I was cut loss before any explanation.
I was diagnosed with the fractured bone and it was wrong.
I was disappointed in the care the first night when I came in. The nurses was good at the beginning but as the night went on nurses were yelling at me to stop shaking when they were trying to take blood. But I was freezing and had a fever one nurse said y
I was disappointed that I never saw the room or the washrooms were cleaned by the custodial staff. I was there for 4 days.
I was disappointed with everything. This was my first visit. If I can I would avoid emergency.
I was discharged prematurely according to the doctor should have stayed in the hospital longer.
I was dissatisfied why they could not tell me why because my son had a seizure It was scary
I was extremely impressed with the courtesy and care of the triage people and the doctor. And grateful.
I was fully satisfied.
I was given medicine for my psychosis and kept in hospital until I felt safe again
I was happy they were two drs working instead of one more DR'S please
I was happy with Emergency Dept.
I was happy with services
I was happy with the care I received.
I was having a severe allergy attack and I waited 5 hours to see a doctor. If it was not me who would be responsible if I died because of not getting care. I was suppose to be priority because it was a life threatening emergency. The healthcare is crazy i
I was I arrived at the XX because I had real stomach pains that were moving upwards like in my back and I honestly thought I was having a heart attack they were very quick to record and put me on a machine and take a blood sample they figured out it was p
I was impressed beyond my expectations I got very very good care. It was very good.
I was impressed. Very satisfied with care. Tell anyone we are very fortunate.
I was in a lot of pain and sent home with four Tylenol 3 and I asked for a prescription but was not given one. That was XXXXXXXX and had to wait until XXXXXXX as it was a long weekend to contact my GP to get a superscription. Apart from this I was treated
I was in a room with 3 gentleman and not another women and I felt really unsure of myself because of that - I talked to them at the main desk and they said they will look in to it and I left after 3 days and no one had looked in to it It happened repeated
I was in and I was out really quickly so it was a real blessing. I was treated respectfully so there was no problems
I was in and out incredibly quick. All precautions were taken to prevent covid. The care I was given and the attentiveness was fantastic.
I was in enormous pain after I hurt my back and it took 4 hours to get me in. Once I got in the care was good but I was waiting for 4 hours in the waiting room.
I was in really rough shape and I was in way better shape when I left. I still left with severe diarrhea without a plan to address it. It required another couple weeks of effort at home. I left with a pretty severe unresolved condition. The nursing staff 
I was just a little wandering about the triage process at the ER because sometimes it didn't make sense like they had injured patients next to me took two hours to be admitted that's a little worrying cause back home from where I am those that had injurie
I was made to sit in a chair for over three hours. The doctor focused on asking me questions about drugs and alcohol like I was only there for pain meds. The nurses and doctor's were not compassionate at all and made me feel like I was bothering them when
I was not able to speak with a social worker which I feel would have been a great benefit to me, as I cam homeless + unemployed. (staying with family)
I was not able to walk so I was given a wheelchair but when they called to go to the examination room they made me walk. I nearly passed from chest and breathing issues
I was not allowed in when the patient was with the doctor her first language is Pennsylvania Dutch and there was no one there that could speak that I tried to explain to the nurse that she would not understand she seemed to put me off saying she would com
I was not aware that the increase of medicine will affect my child's health and I was not told about it. The side effects were not explained properly. Overall it was a great experience.
I was not completely satisfied with the doctor's advise he gave me. I asked for anti biotics for my bad cough and cold and he did not recommend anti biotics that it would not do any good. So I went to the walk-in clinic next day and I got the antibiotics 
I was not given any papers about what was done or the results.
I was not happy with the nurse in the ER on the 2nd of June when my son was admitted. She did not explain the reasons for why there was a covid test. I was not warned or explained the situation. I don't remember her name.
I was not impressed with the doctor. Very vague and did not help me. Left with pain still in my stomach.
I was not satisfied with the care in triage because I was in the pain I was telling the nurse my labour I was in constant pain I am doctor back home there was sever contraction. I kept telling them to give me epidural but she was not coming to check me. T
I was on the stroke floor and it was fabulous every one was very good very helpful always checked my daughter stayed with me Most of the time and were helpful to both of us Very grateful everything went so smoothly XX
I was overall impressed once I saw the doctor at how prompt they were to get the electro cardio version done.
I was pregnant and could not get an x-ray. The Blood test would be one hour and then I would have to wait one hour so I had to go home as I have kids. But I went to my family Doctor and she looked after everything.
I was pretty happy with the care I got. I was in extreme pain when I got there and they got me through there quickly.
I was provided a safe environment and medication that helped.
I was put on a medication which is very strong. It caused me hallucination and I am questioning the drug and going to research on use of that drug at this age of XX years. I was wondering if tying patients to the bed is still legal. That's a terrible expe
I was quite surprised at how quickly I was registered. The waiting in the lobby to go to the fracture area seemed long and then waiting in the fracture area was also long.
I was really happy about everything I have been there a lot and they've always treated me really well.
I was really impress. I was really was. Years ago it was hell. But this time it was incredible out in 3 hours and I had a broken leg. They have gotten better.
I was really impressed how things ran considering how short staffed and strained some of them seemed to be.
I was really impressed this time it was really fast and they did really well.
I was referred to Stroke Clinic and haven't heard from them.
I was satisfied they did well and helped with my problem.
I was satisfied with how they took care of me. I have been in there maybe a dozen times and maybe you have to wait a bit longer sometimes but when I had an emergency situation they took care of me right away.
I was satisfied.
I was scared to go to the hospital due to the covid pandemic I felt like the distancing rules were not followed it felt unsafe and unclean. there was no distancing between seating areas The bathroom was not cleaned that well and there was no soap or hand 
I was sent home too soon where I had small strokes in the mid time. My family doctor is on Holiday and I have to go to ER if needed that's not fair on others.
I was so impressed. I can't believe the work those ladies do. It was incredible.
I was supposed to have a follow up appointment after but haven't been contacted yet. I've tried to reach out to the hospital but haven't been given any additional information.
I was surprise thought they could referral to the fracture clinic but had to go to the doctor to get the referral. Everything was fine and do appreciate what they did for.
I was surprised to be put in a room with 3 other people ; especially with COVID
I was taken aback by coming in on my own to emergency and looking at a machine. I thought that was very difficult. If a person is computer illiterate and coming in on my own if I had been traumatized or really ill I would not have been able to access it. 
I was taken care of very well.
I was there 2 days went one day had to go back the next day because of the pain I was in The first day was a good experience with doctors and nurses but the 2nd day was the worst experience I have ever received from the emergency dept both the doctors and
I was there 4 hours and left because I had an accident with my car and had to get a ride home.
I was there and stayed for 8 hours and they didn't give me nothing to help me they only did x ray and blood test twice and they didn't give me any results. I am afraid about with my blood and heart attacks and they didn't tell me anything. Whenever I aske
I was there for 13 hours and I ended up falling sleep and I was in the ED for 4 hours and I was in excruciating pain I was not given an pain medicine I over heard the DR saying give her some pain medicine and the nurse did not give me any pain medicine.
I was there for 15 days and I never saw a Doctor. I had no idea why I was there the 15th day was the only time I spoke to a doctor because a doctor came in my room and said we are discharging you. Every time I saw a nurse I would ask questions I had a dif
I was there for leg pain Told me I have infection of my blood.
I was there the nurse knew I stopped breathing for few seconds they waited for 7 hours to get treatment the treatment was very urgent. And I wish it does not happen with any one else basically the wait time was too long for urgent treatment as well.
I was told by Doctor need MRI and fastest way to get it. Refer me specialty team at the hospital result quicker referral. Still waiting for it. Not very quick service for the actual imaging that I require. Think they are doing a good job under the circums
I was told I would get an MRI and I have not received a call yet. I have called and left message about this. But still have not heard anything. There were no tests done to help determine my health concerns. My doctor suggested that I go to the emergency d
I was told that I would be receiving a call within two days to receive results from a test I had there. It has been weeks and I have not heard anything about this.
I was told to go to the ER by 811. Once I got there the doctor was very dismissive of my problem. To the point that I was embarrassed at the end of the visit.
I was totally impress with the ED. They were efficient and kept me informed. I had a room full of care of specialists to make sure I got what I needed. Great experience.
I was transferred to XXXXXXXX it was the coldest day I didn't have any blanket on me it was cold all the way.
I was treated exceptionally well at the hospital. It was scary but it was better than I thought can't say enough good things about XXXXXXXXXXX.
I was treated exceptionally well by all staff members in very trying conditions I would recommend this hospital to any of my friends or associates
I was treated very good. Treatment there was ok.
I was treated very well and I was made comfortable. But I had to wait 2 nights in the ER before getting admitted.
I was treated very well I appreciated the care I got.
I was treated very well.
I was treated well They did best Washroom was bad Only 1 and 5 people.
I WAS TREATED WITH MOST RESPECT
I was very blessed with good people doing good job I was pleasantly surprised.
I was very disappointed in the communication with what the nurses did for me which was very little. With that being said I can't think of anything else.
I was very disappointed. Nowadays with this Covid you're suppose to keep your hands clean. The sink was tied up. It was Monday before I saw the first washcloth with water. The sink was tied You couldn't use it after the washroom. They only had the hand sa
I was very dissatisfied ... when people are screaming from pain they need to be seen quickly. The way I was screaming and pain feeling like I am dying or my arm was dying. I think attention should be given to me. Such severe pain someone can die. Coming f
I was very grateful that they were there.
I was very happy at the hospital The doctors the nurses everybody was good to me. I am very thank you to everybody was Ok. Very nice people and very professional
I was very happy my brother allowed to in. My daughter able to come anytime.
I was very happy when I saw one of the nurses after the patient left she kept the place very neat and clean. I felt very comfortable about my visit at the hospital.
I was very impressed with their care and they were very accurate
I was very impressed. I've gone to St. Mary's which was great but Grand River I felt ran very smoothly had lots of staff when needed at the right place in the right time. Was a little hard to find the exit is all but I was impressed with everything.
I was very pleased the staff No complaints at all.
I was very pleased they checked everything why I was visiting - the Dr was good at explaining things The waiting time was long and I was getting tired. We found out something when the Dr was done examining my mouth the Dr turned around and something came 
I was very pleased with it It was very smooth. It was very efficient and quick. I didn't want to go because of Covid but it as quick. Before Covid I've waited for hours and hours. I felt safe and it was quieter because they only let the person needing car
I was very pleased with the hospital but I was shocked when they said they will transfer me from grand river to the hamilton but in comparison I was very satisfied. I would say it was a very good experience also the nurses are very nice they respond promp
I was very pleased with the service in the ambulance and all the services that I received until I left the hospital.
I was very pleased with the treatment and couldn't ask for more.
I was very pleased.
I was very pleased. I had a broken wrist - not life threatening. Very happy with the service and quality of care
I was very pleased. The nurses gave excellent care.
I was very upset with it. Nobody walked me down to the after I got out you know. I had to wait down there. I was disgusted with that. I was hoping to find the right way to get there.
I was very very pleased with the emergency doctor that took care of me. He showed me the x-rays and explained to me what was wrong with my shoulder. I have never had this kind of experience before.
I was very well looked after I appreciated the results
I was well taken care of
I was well taken care of I had to wait but I realize there is a lot of sick people. We need a new hospital. The care I got was excellent.
I was well taken care of.
I wasn't all impressed as I was there for a follow-up and had to wait for 7 hours to see a doctor.
I wasn't informed of the proper time to be at the hospital. I received a call asking me if I could be there in 20 minutes when I wasn't expecting to be there until 11:30am and they called at 7:30am.
I wasn't very pleased with it. I said to myself that I'm glad I don't get sick very often because it was very scary in there. No one was 6 feet apart and they told me that was long gone. I didn't feel safe in there. They wouldn't let me husband come in wi
I went in and got an X-ray in half an hour and sat and waited for the doctor until 4:30 in the morning.
I went in for anxiety and claustrophobic panic attacks etc the first nurse understood and helped me out I tried to explain that waiting in the windowless room with mask on made me claustrophobic and I needed to step out for a bit and they didn't seem to u
I went in I was in pain in my knee I haven't have a fall they asked to take radio graph I said it is not unnecessary. The doctor said there is no broken bone when I came in I told them I did not fall. I asked the doctor what to do. The doctor asked me to 
I went in knowing what happened to me it had happened 2 years ago. I asked for pain medication and the nurse just kept disregarding my request. I told her what happened to my body. She just kept saying how do you know are you a doctor? When I said no she 
I went in the morning to the clinic around 12:30 I reached there and I was referred to the hospital and I reached there at 1:30 i wait for 2hrs after the DR tested I had to go for ultra sound and the results I had to wait for 3HRS 30MINS it took a lot of 
I went in undiagnosed with problems I came out undiagnosed with the problem. I was in immense pain and shocked they let me leave undiagnosed While in the hospital they provided a cat scan because I have diverticulitis (it was not inflamed at that time I a
I went once to XXXXXXXXXX and once to XXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXX was far above for speed and care. I feel that they gave me a wealth of information regarding my test and condition. Doctors were good and nurses were good.
I went the night before waited 4 hours. At the point that I left the wait would have too long for me.
I went there cause I was asked by my dr to go there I knew what the problem was and I got helped and got given prescriptions and it was not a health problem it was because I had lost someone and I was grieving
I went there shortly after 9 and didn't get looked at until about 4 by the Doctor. It took awhile before I actually got looked at by the Doctor. My concern is that my hip was out of the socket and I did not know how long it could stay like that.
I went through ER at XXXXXXXXX and it was full and it took me 6 hours to get in. Went to XXXXXXXXXXX and no one was in the ER and it still took 6 hours. I had very rude patient in my room he was rude to the nurses and but they did good job talking with hi
I went to go get on the elevator when I got there and it had a bunch of garbage left in it. When they cleaned they didn't clean very well. Other than that it was good.
I went to the hospital a with a pain but they did not know what my problem was. I found it out later .
I went to the hospital at 1030 pm XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX waited for doctor to 4 am he told me he needed to do a ultra sound and it was closed so he said to come back at 930 am. I waited an hour or so for the paper for the ultrasound then went home at 5 am on th
I went to the hospital since I was in pain due to food poisoning. The parking was confusing. Credit card didn't work and having to go through the ordeal when you're in pain was not easy. The procedure was complex and awkward for someone who is mentally ph
I wish the doctor took more concern as to why I was there. I felt like I was just another number and he wanted to get me out as quickly as possible. I had a blood transfusion and surgery and I went in with a reaction all over my arm but they did not seem 
I wish the nurses would be more patient when I'm asking questions as one of the nurses was somewhat rude to me.
I wish they had more explanation about my health and I did not what was wrong with me.
I wish they would get moire funding or more help because I don't know how they do it they keep a smile and they are compassionate.
I wish they would have been more specific about what had happened to me. They treating me as I had a stroke which I had not.
I wonder why they don't have more PSW's because I may not have a problem with holding it for going to the washroom but other people have issues holding it as the staff don't come immediately when the call button is pressed. Would prefer more hot meals and
I work in health care and I was very very impressed with the professionalism and care that I had received from everyone especially the nurses.
I would have liked clean pajamas before three days.
I would have liked to been explained what happened to me after they might have explained it to me when I was not conscious I don't remember. I woke up and they just said ok you can leave. I've never been to the ER so I'm not sure what to expect.
I would like thank you to all the doctors especially Dr. XXXX and all the staff who help me. They all help me pretty much health care they provide is more than excellent and would like to thank them for that.
I would like to file a complain about the under stuff. there was one doctor in the department and so many emergency cases. Mine survey was time sensitive and as result of not having enough doctors there I was I lost my ovary my emergency surgery was delay
I would like to give a special mention to all the nurses and especially Tifany.
I would like to know the doctor said it could be this or could be that. Why not do more test. I don't think he looked deep enough. I did call my doctor beforehand but still have not heard from him.
I would like to let the hospital know I think we need to give the nurses a lot more credit then we do they are in integral - I can't say that word - part of the hospital and they are awesome. 10+ for the nurses.
I would like to thank the doctors
I would like to thank them very much gave me the best care I have ever had I could not speak more highly of it
I would not go there again.
I would recommend this hospital for sure.
I would say I had a much better exp once I was admitted not as great exp in triage. Nurses and everyone in the room were really great.
I would say I was helped well but my results and instructions were unclear The dr said something different from what my paper did
I would say it has improved in the last 7 years. Parking situation bites.
If it is possible to shorten the waiting time. I understand there are limitation to personnel but it would be greatly appreciated if they could reduce the waiting times. Because each time we go there we have to wait 8 - 10 hours until everything is checke
If it takes less time it would be much better. It is understandable but it would be better just takes little bit less time.
If the medical people took more care there would not be so many call backs. Most of the patients have to go and come back to hospital for care.
If there could be more privacy for some spots. I felt like when I was told to wait in the waiting room in my gown it was a bit uncomfortable
If they would have been nice if it would have been lab technician doing the blood work as the nurses were not skilled in this aspect. It put the baby through too much pain.
If we could reduce the wait time that would be great.
I'm an oncology patient im not supposed to sit near anyone else and a I had a note stating that and 1st the lady brushed me off and i had to squish in with the others sitting in the waiting room the second lady separated me from the others like im suppose
I'm generally pretty happy about going to visit and generally okay waiting but this time they forgot I was there and I was left alone in a room without any nurses or doctors around me. My feedback would be that when the hospitals are more scary especially
I'm good with what transpired and what I went through.
I'm just going to say it's hot and cold in that hospital. I've had moments that were wonderful experienced where they are very empathetic and easy to deal with. But I've also had really horrible experiences at the hospital. I put it down to the individual
I'm not satisfied with the treatment which I had received at emergency because It didn't' solve my problems. I didn't receive a proper diagnosis.
I'm really happy and quite satisfied. Nurse Christa was amazing.
I'm still in pain - my chest is still hurting.
I'm sure the dr. was busy, and I probably could've asked more questions but I felt like he didn't spend enough time ensuring my mental state and the meetings felt very brief/maybe a little rushed
Important point while I was having the procedure doctor left the room and I was not given any information. So I did not have the procedure told I could go home. No explanation I had to ask other people in the room. They said he can't do it but did not say
Improve the wait times. XX.
Improve waiting time when registering in the ED. I was called  by the hospital to come in to be admitted you should not have to go through the waiting process. If the hospital ask you to come in then they should be ready for you when you get there. I had 
In and out 1 hour and 40 minutes. So wasn't bad.
In ED at times sick people have to wait hours to be treated. They could hired another Doctor so they can be taken care of faster.
In general I was impressed with the quality of care he received and how quickly he was cared for with the injury that he had and yeah I would not like to have to repeat that situation ever again but at the end of the day I was really pleased with what the
In general there is not enough nurses or nurse practitioner per patient. Frustrated that we have to wait that is the governments fault not the hospital's. When the shift changes there has to be report so there is an hour when no nurses are available. You 
In my experience it is usually intake nurses not easy or not nice. That is where I had my experience. I was there on the 22nd and told to come the next morning to follow up. I entered through the ED doors like I did the night before the nurse with her ton
In regards to pain management and care the doctor should physically examine the patient. I was having level 8/9 pain but the doctor never came to physically check me. Also when a patient is complaining about pain and you marked something urgent it should 
In the ED department no provision for face covering for my son. Appears it was not a concern in the ED. There was some traffic. There was high exposure to the pandemic coming and going. In ED I had to describe what happen to my son to 2 doctors after 9 or
In the ED the Triage room could be a little bit cleaner not good experience in triage but when I got behind that my treatment was excellent. The 6th floor nursing staff was excellent could not have ask for better.
In the waiting time please take care of your patient. I had a very bad experience at the waiting area. I was ignored I was in a bad situation and I puked on the floor.
In this country XX years. The hospital and the health care is this country is second to none. It is very very good. Very polite. My stay was excellent. I don't mind about paying taxes when I see the hospital. This country is second to none.
Issue with one nurse she was not very polite. She acted like they are doctor or surgeon telling me I what to do She said if do not want pain killers why come to the hospital if you do not want medication. I said pain killers is not medication. She would c
It has be a good experience. No complaints.
It helped me to solve my problem. I came very late to the hospital and the wait time was too long. They should work on the wait time reduction.
It is a great hospital. They provide the care.
It is just too long that is all.
It is ok.
It is the best hospital for stroke number one for me they treated me very good.
It may be just me but I am fussy about the corner of the floors. The girl did a great job keeping my room tidy. However the corners were crusty. They have that machine that does the middle of the floor but not the corners. The longer you stay the more thi
It should be little bit faster than it is. It is slow. Doctor or nurses are not paid enough. People are waiting too long. I waited 6 hours just for a paper. It should have taken a little time.
It takes too long to get the help. I waited two years for surgery. That is frustrating. I know the doctor who took care of me works in three different hospitals. They're aren't enough doctors to do the surgery he does. That's part of the reason it takes s
It think they went out of their way truly compare it to Princess Margaret and they are both excellent. I didn't get the same care at the General so I didn't know what to expect when I went to Kitchener. They were really really good.
It took a long but I understand and it was an excellent visit
It took a long time
It took a long time but was understandable.
It took a long time for the Doctor to see me. All the tests were fast. But the time to get the doctor to see me was too long
It took a long time to get care.
It took a very long time to be triaged.
It took eight hours to actually see the doctor and I guess this was due to it being the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX so this could have made it more difficult.
It took very long time for everybody and my friends.
IT TOOK WAY TO LONG TO SEE A DOCTOR
It was a amazing experience. Staff are fantastic and nice.
It was a fantastic visit. The person working the front door was a fantastic help.
It was a good experience all around. I have nearly been to hospitals I am surprised.
It was a good experience for me.
It was a good experience I appreciate the expertise of the doctor. I have no complication following all the stuff were cheerful and helpful.
It was a good experience.
It was a good stay and they help me out.
It was a good stay very informative. Intern was really good. Nurse in the room was really good which was really nice.
It was a great experience and I was surprised how efficient they were with me.
It was a great experience except the discharged I did not get any discharge information They could have added some discharge information
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience. I am pregnant and looking forward to my next appointment.
It was a great stay and I would recommend the hospital and they do really good work.
It was a great stay I was pleased with everything
It was a great visit the doctor and nurses are great. The only thing is about wait time which is longer. Emergency room was with fantastic people.
It was a pleasant visit.
It was a positive experience and I would welcome care from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX anytime.
It was a positive experience given the circumstances.
it was a positive experience they were very good to me and treated me very well
It was a pretty regular hospital visit. Everything was good while I was there.
It was a really good visit the nurses and attendants on the 6th floors did a great job. The visit was everything that I expected it to be.
It was a really positive experience and I felt supported the baby received excellent care and I'm glad we have access to such a great hospital in our community.
It was a really really long time for a person who came in with extreme pain. Waiting for 6 and a half hours. The doctors don't seem like they know what they are doing. They sent me home with constipation medication. The pain is still there which is worris
It was a short visit compared to last time which was 8-10 hrs overall visit lasted 5 hours. Doctors and Nurses was good and care was good. Doctor sent me for a cat scan.
It was a very busy ER but even though I had excellent care.
It was a very efficient process doctors and nurses were great.
It was a very good experience. I was quite well looked after.
It was a very good visit.
It was absolutely wonderful there. I have no complains.
It was all excellent. Except my husband could not see my child for 1 day because of COVID.
It was all good.
It was all good.
It was all positive they did their part and were always friendly. Even the porters were very friendly.
It was all pretty good. The only gripe I have is the cost of parking.
It was amazing the way nurses taking care of people thought it's my first time in Canada.
It was an excellent experience the nursing staff was exceptional it was a very nice stay.
It was an excellent stay the doctors were very nice and helpful.
It was awesome no complaints.
It was better than I expected.
It was better than my last one (visit) by a long shot for a very similar injury
It was busy but good. Parking should be different because if you have a parking meter and you think, I'll be 3 hours and you go over. It's not good.
It was busy but it all went well. Very smooth. Positive experience.
It was busy understandable. ED doctor just was a little puzzle GP didn't do more. I had swollen leg Did not injury myself. Was told I needed an ultrasound. Gave me a document to explain. ED doctor prescribe medication and got an appointment. He was very g
It was dirty and they should improve their entrance and the hospital staff did not inform me when we changed rooms and in the waiting room they added an option for halal which I appreciated.
It was disgusting. It was I never ever want to go back to that hospital again. We have a 12 min video of the nurses freaking out because they wouldn't let someone who was double vaccinated to come back in the waiting room with me and I suffer from very ve
It was done pretty well.
It was during Thanksgiving I was in and out in an hour and a half it was a pleasant Surprise
It was efficient was surprised at how quickly I got in and out as far as emergency departments go no one wants to be there but I was treated well.
It was efficient.
It was enough that I don't want to go to a hospital ever again that's all I can say I was very upset when I left because nothing was told to me by the doctors The nursesm they were wonderful but the doctors they had a little bit of, I don't know, they had
It was excellent
It was excellent
It was excellent care Just excellent. And the staff was excellent It was positive experience.
It was excellent I couldn't select the better one it was over and above what I expected. I really liked that.
It was excellent.
It was excellent.
It was excellent.
It was excellent. I had no problems. Only complaint I have .. have the hospital stay. It had to do with the Physio. They were not as caring as they should be. When you have two broken ankles. They want you to run a mile. Other one was about medicine and p
It was excellent. My husband and I were both in the hospital at the same time. We were treated completely the care and dignity and although I knew my husband was dying everybody around me were excellent. I have no complaints about the hospital nor will I 
It was extremely busy and short staff. Down some testing equipment as well so just to be fair to them regarding times and how long they were with patients.
It was fantastic Nothing negative to say. They look after me well It was very good.
It was fantastic they did amazing work the stuff that I was not even worried about its like a cop really investigating your case. Everyone seemed to actually care . That's an amazing ability to have. People were always checking to make sure I was okay the
It was fine I was not pleased at the end. Told me I could go but left me hooked up to everything. Layed there wondering Is someone coming back to unhooked the monitor I unhooked all the cords and walked out.
It was fine The food was great. They were so helpful Food has to be cut but I can't someone has to cut it for me.
It was fine.
It was fine.
It was good
It was good
It was good and they took good care of the the patient
It was good experience for circumstances.
It was good experience The waiting was little more
It was good experience They were very good
It was good experience.
It was good I was happy and I was surprised at the level of service provided. For such a large hospital it was an incredible experience.
It was good It was the fastest I've ever been in there.
It was good just sucks when I already had my diagnosis and I just needed the cast Yet I still had to wait so long.
It was good they treated good. I was happy.
It was good treatment.
It was good.
It was good.
It was good.
It was good.
It was good. But because of the Covid-19 situation the waiting time was too long. Everything was good
It was good. I didn't have a problem at all.
It was good. I got out quick.
It was good. I was impressed.
It was good. Thank the nurses they were great they made you feel at home feel comfortable and relaxed. Thank them girls.
It was good. The doctor was good when he talked to me and sometimes some nurses are not good. When you need help they don't come on time. Some don't treat you good but some of them are good. Everybody is there is sick and needs help and that's why we come
IT WAS GREAT AND AM VERY GRATEFUL FOR IT.
It was great even during Covid protocols
It was great experience for me the emergency staff was great. XX
It was great experience.
It was great I was amazed. Care was great all test the I needed was done very quickly. Thought it was great.
It was great pretty quick. They explained every step and hot to get better it was very good.
It was great.
It was great. I received care in good time.
It was great. It took a little while but it was busy so I understand that.
It was hard time for us but hospital took all the care
It was horrible.    the FOOD!!!!
It was just about the ward cause they asked me if I wanted a semi- private room and that would have helped with some sleep. XX
It was just fine for hospital stay.
It was just meant to get my temperature down I've had a lot more care from the hospital recently for other things so it was a minor episode really.
It was just too long and the sequence of the way they selected people to care for I don't think is completely right.
It was kind of weird they took my blood and urine. And when I went to speak with my family doctor she asked if I was drug tested based on the report she said she does not see any report for blood or urine test.
It was mediocre. Better service at St. Mary's. I feel I was not explained about my issues just trying to get me out the door.
It was my third baby each time consistent great experience every time.
It was nice and quick I was really happy about that
It was nice It was good hospital.
It was not long. Came early. They where nice. I was only disappointed that he sent me home with out my ultra sound because I was worried about my tummy cause I had a surgery for cancer
It was not the first time my husband was there for over a month last year. He was well taken care of by the staff. So this time I experience it myself and I was right. They took very good care of us.
It was ok but it was abrupt.
It was OK more pleasant this time than other time. But I did not like it when I gave them a note from the clinic and the Nurse said we can do our own assessment and did not bother to look at the note.
It was one of the most awful experiences patient has gone through. Staff did not treat her well Staffs way of dealing with patient was threatening patients with restraints. Patient was not allowed to leave hospital until she signed the consent forms for t
It was overall a good visit. It was quicker than previous visits.
It was overall excellent given the circumstances I received the care I needed. Come right to you to take blood. Although they had to come twice which I did not like. Had to do an ultra sound I think it was fair but if I was in pain I would hope it would g
It was overall fantastic. Everyone took really good care of her. It was just the incident that the pediatrician had brought up to me that the nurse had given her medication that was not prescribed to her and they had to call poison control. We were there 
It was overall good the only thing was concerning they where asking me questions. When I had a head trauma and I don't think I was in right place to answer - I was discharged with out any follow up. I was left unattended for an hour before my CT scan. I d
It was pretty good experience. They listen to what I said and it was a positive experience which made things better because I have a problem with doctors.
It was pretty good for the most part. I had eye infection but no one could give me a straight answer to what it was and I spoke to more than one person. Sitting across from a family that was coughing and was hoping they did not have covid.
It was pretty good with what was going on
It was pretty good.
It was pretty good.
It was pretty good. Not sure about the social distancing in the waiting room but overall it was good experience.
It was pretty standard and the care was very good. There were people that came after me that were being seen before more but they were more of a priority so I was not upset about that fact.
It was pretty straight forward.
It was quicker than what I remember.
It was quite a busy day - I felt like everyone was genuinely trying to be helpful - Kevin (I think his name was) he was helping people to go to x-ray - he was funny kind and very friendly with everyone.
It was really busy ambulances were bringing in people and people were lining up in the hall. All things consider they took care of us fast I was impressed.
It was really good
It was really good I really enjoyed it actually before I as at the hospital and I didn't have a good experience but this time when I was at the hospital and it was all very good.
It was really good I would say. The management and nurses on duty was really good at getting people in and the socially distancing.
It was really good.
It was really good. I have only been a handful of times. It was for Acute care and it went well especially with everything going on.
It was really good. They did a good job.
It was really great. Nurses and doctors and staff were fantastic they have to work with fewer resources but still provided excellent service which is unfair. They were kind and comforting.
It was really I was very impressed It was very very good as much as you can enjoy a hospital stay It was very enlightening about the interactions between nurses and doctors and ho won top of everything they were and follow through and just how many people
It was reasonable and everyone was helpful. Previous times the wait was extremely long but I think this was a priority and that is why I got in sooner.
It was shorter than expected
It was shorter they have been in the past.
It was terrible and I will not ever return. I will be going to St. Mary's from now on.
It was the best experience I have ever had in the hospital. Everybody was great I can't believe how great it was. I recommended my surgeon and the hospital to my friends.
It was the best one I ever had. They were very attentive and it was way more structured and organized than it was ever before.
It was the best that I could have at the time. It was a very unusual visit. I was sent by the doctor and they didn't know what was wrong. It was a good visit.
It was the fastest one I have ever had.
It was the fastest visit that I ever had in Canada
It was the first time I had situation where I had problems with my walking and it was as a consequence I had to rethink things a bit but got the care I needed. For instance going to the bathroom. On the whole it was a pleasant experience. I was very well 
It was the time spent with Doctors and nurses there were very good. They were responsible and caring. But the problem was the long time I waited during different stages. And my visit lasted for more than 6 hours and you can imagine the extra hours it was 
It was to much of a long wait that's the only thing I was not given any results or report on time and they did not hint me It took about 9 hours If they had given me any report hint it would have helped me through the night
It was too busy it was not their fault usually a Thursday isn't that busy it was too busy.
It was too full. For me I can wait for my condition. Admit people about emergency situation. Told I will get a call from clinic to schedule a coloscopy. I have not received a call.
It was too long and there were people in the hallway that were not getting treated. There were  a lot of drugged up people and a lot of police officers. It just seemed like a zoo and it was a very bad experience. I can understand why some people would avo
It was traffic - I could not be happier save my life we always been happy with kitchen staff the DR and nurses we are grateful that they are always there
It was traumatic not safe I opened a investigation
It was unexpected but I still got pretty good care they looked after me very well.
It was very busy overall I thought it went very good the 4 hours I was there. When I did see a nurse I gave them compliment that they are doing a great job.
It was very dramatically because I had a stroke everybody who took care of me was good It was a good experience.
It was very excellent and very supporting All the staff was supportive and we had a nice time Of course we'll recommend to our friends.
It was very fast comparted to previously time. I hit a good night.
It was very good and I had a very good experience.
It was very good stay. Not being there for a great number of years everything was really good. I was very pleased I got what I needed. When there was beeping on someone's machine they told me it would do that but not to worry so I didn't. Really appreciat
It was very good They did not wake me up to give me medication or take my blood pressure. It was excellent.
It was very good.
It was very good.
It was very good.
It was very good.
It was very good.
It was very good. They took good care of me. Nice clean bed and good sleep. They were a cheerful crew.
It was very nice for having to be there. It was good while I was there
It was very positive experience
It was very satisfactory
It was very satisfactory.
It was very stressful for our situation. My wife was over XX and it was our 3rd child and there was 2 Nurses that were forceful that we had to breast feed we knew it was not going to happen. The stress really upset us. This was our third child same thing 
It was very very good and I would definitely recommend it to anybody.
It was way too long to get treated. It took me 7 hours just to get an x-ray. I had a concussion there were many others who had minor injuries who went before me. I don't understand.
It was wonderful. Doc Steven he is very nice very funny he is nice and very very personable.
It wasn't a very pleasant experience. They were not busy when I got there and it took about two hour for someone to see me and I had to ask the security guard to get the nurse so I could tell her that I was going to pass out from the pain if they did not 
It went pretty good a lot of good people working there
It went well.
It went well.
It would be a better experience if all the nurses were on the same page with a new mom. I had too many different explanations or information. I would be doing something the way one nurse explained it and the other nurse would come in and I would be in tro
It's a great experience.
Its a little bit out dated it needs an update.
It's a really good hostpial
It's a very good hospital it's just that some nurses need to realize they have patients. I know they are busy but they have to have patience and help especially when we are pain instead of ignoring us and giving us more attitude.
Its always a long wait.
It's always the same. Get my count up and send me home.
It's an excellent emergency department.
It's been pretty good so far
It's Covid What can you do! A situation no one planned for so it's not for me to decide.
It's good service.
It's hard to tell honestly That day the 27th in the night we went to triage I was told to wait in the waiting room but my husband can't come in so my husband has to wait outside because of covid. My contractions getting stronger and stronger and I couldn'
Its not very clean. Its very dirty esp in washrooms. They should be cleaned constantly. There is probably not enough staff there maybe that's why.
It's usually very slow. I've been to this place multiple times and the service is always slow. If something can be done to improve this that would be great.
I've always found the nursing staff to be excellent and the nurses are what have made my stay positive and enjoyable.
I've been having a reoccurring issues so it frustrating i understand the principle of the cue. The first time it took a long time to get in. My issue is that i was in severe pain i was drenched in sweat nothing made me comfortable and there was no way to 
I've lived in this community for 22 plus years and I've only had to attend this emergency department this past year. I've had other experiences at other emergency departments with my mother and I can say that this one was great. XX
I've lived in this community for XX plus years and I've only had to attend this emergency department this past year. I've had other experiences at other emergency departments with my mother and I can say that this one was great. XX
I've stayed in Gran River several times and my experiencing every time has been very good it's an excellent hospital definitely recommend it and would definitely go back there if I have to.
Just for whoever arranges the meals to be aware of dietary concerns I was given food I wasn't able to eat.
Just grateful for the care I had.
Just I found the doctor that took care of me was very knowledgeable but also very patient and took the time to sit down and explain everything which was very good.
Just my I just wanted to let you know my child was dependent after the delivery and he got the location of his hand and his hand got fractured and I just wanted to say he's fine now but he should not be like that he was in so much pain and they did not kn
Just nice people dealt with me and I was in and out. It was pretty good.
Just not happy with doctor. I requested to them lay down and they said no. Then doctor came. They give Tylenol I said I already took 5 or 6 Tylenol and then they gave me another pill and nobody explain me what that medicine for so I Google it and then I l
Just that I found every person doctor or nurse just really good. I thought for what they are handling right now I was impressed how my visit was handled.
Just that it was I've always had great experiences at Grand River but in particular to XXXXXX's stay everyone was so kind and caring they gave him lots of toys games books movies. They just yeah really made him and he's really into super heroes so they br
Just that over all it was really good. It was quick and I had gotten there earlier in the day. It was busy and no one was socially distancing so I came back in the after outs and it was super great. I was happy with how quick it was. I did find that when 
Just that the time it took for me to to get admitted medications and everything it was quite lengthy and i was in pain during that entire time. It would help if they could speed up processes and they had only one Doctor on call and they had a lot of patie
Just that there were a lot of really jerky people there that night and I feel bad for our healthcare workers and I hope that in your surveys that the vast majority of the people in your care have had excellent service people could be a lot more gracious a
Just the fact that the rooms are really makeshift I was in a ward that was kind of constructed out of old offices and then there was a small toilet and a public sink it was a very complicated crowded space.
Just the overall waiting time was long during my 3 visits but otherwise the care was excellent at the ER.
Just the wait time is very long I understand they can only do what they can do but it is a long wait. FYI PT was in the ED the entire time
Just the wait time was too long like whole night. PT wants CB from DR. LEE'S office
Just the wait time was very long without any indication. I waited for 6 hours without knowing how long. I had ultrasound and waited for results of ultrasound for 4 hours and i couldn't leave the hospital and I had exam the next day. The nurses were very r
Just the waiting times
Just took a little longer than it should have.
Just very grateful for everything they're doing and an exceptional job and I congratulate them on everything they're doing. And they should get paid more.
Just wish the food was better. Also wish the wi-fi was free Had to pay for it and it was not very good. XXXXXX hospital The wi-fi was free and good.
Just wish we were allowed to smoke
Keep up the good work. Listening is very important and understanding is very important. Heart with ears.
Lack of clear communication regarding my treatment plan - Was told I'd be able to go home yesterday by doctor, waited around all day not hearing anything + then was told I'd need to stay another night. - Don't tell someone they'll be discharged because I 
Lack of staff there and when you need something you don't see them again forever I had to go to the bathroom so I'd ring my buzzer and fifteen minutes later still nothing So my husband had to help me. They made me feel like a pest and when I would ring th
Last time was it was not good experience but this this time I am happy with services.
Like as a statement? I understand all the issues with Covid but I left that hospital out in the cold if I hadn't had a nurse friend pick me up and try to patch everything together it was brutal absolutely brutal That's all I can put it I'm slowly getting 
Little more in depth triage and symptom relieve I understand there are wait time and can not guess Start the process sooner I waited 6 hours they did took the blood at start I was sitting in pain for 6 hrs is little stressful and scary. I would like the t
Long stay in triage was ridiculously. It was 10 hours. Need to be more doctors so it could go faster. Only one doctor. Everything else was superb.
Long wait and I never did see a Doctor. And they basically sent me home with no help.
Long wait hours are not acceptable.
Lots all my stuff need to work on keeping peoples belonging together
Lots of communication problem post op was good then it dropped off. Had hip replacement suppose to get out XXXXXX but keep me to XXXXXX then had to leave 9 pm at night. I needed a catheter they had trouble doing the catheter had to get 4 nurses no one cou
Lots of nurses on the floor but so busy. Hard to speak with them. You ring the bell and 20 minutes later they came by.
Main thing was when they were going to discharge me the CCAC or XXXX said there would be follow up care. They would call in 2 days a special nurse would call and arrange a visit within 2 days and he did not have to call they will call you. Nothing happen 
Maybe moving violent / impulsive patients to different units.
Maybe they can show respect with the patients. No respect they were so rude. So that would be nice.
Medication. - Doctor visits
Minimal group therapy/processing available. Minimal rec avail. Really old beds/equipment etc
More activities. More snacks (healthy & vegan) available. More comfy chairs. Things that are soothing to those who can't sleep at night. Maybe a tube of gentle pastel colours (water & bubbles) very faintly lit to sit in a recliner by. Healthy sugar and ha
More casual patient interaction a check in from nursing staff to make patients feel like they are supported by people that care about them.
More Doctors and less Nurses a lot of nurses but not enough Doctors to get a diagnoses.
More doctors needed in the ER.
More leiser opportunities. More separation of patients according to level of functioning. Mood disorders vs. psychosis.
More varieties in the food.
Most of the nurses that help me beginning towards the end were great. I was not happy with the last nurse. When being discharged I was told to go here and was not explained what to do or can do. I was not able to walk the Nurse was not available it seemed
Music therapy
My care was fabulous. The meals were good. The nurse attendance was good. Everything was good.
My day nurse was fantastic. Dr. XX his bedside manner was fantastic. Response time at night to go to the bathroom was not good. Had to hit buzzer 3 times before get an answer. I peed the bed a couple of times. I know they are busy but it seemed consistent
My doctor was not happy about this either. I was send because of a possible DVT blood clot in my leg - I was in extreme about of pain. I was seen fairly quickly because I had a referral letter and it was called in. But from there I sat for 2-3 hours with 
My epidural went to far I was a bit to numb
My experience was good staff was very friendly
My experience was really good and everybody that cared for me was amazing.
My experience went really well I was in and out fast the doctors and nurses were great They helped me
My grade would have been higher if it's based on the doctors. My assigned nurses was so poor that dragged her score down. She ignored me for more than 8 hours without giving food and water. I had to get supplements from another nurse. I was mis-represente
My hospital stay in XXXXXXXX I find grand river to be a very kind place the staff are all kind. The XXXXXXXX the only concern I had was the emergency calls in the bathroom and shower were not answered properly. Quickly enough I was in the shower and had n
My hospital Stay was good; however I was in emergency in XXXXX and I felt I wasn't being serviced well. This turned out to be that the Doctor's were too busy to see me and gave me a number for a Doctor to contact. I am complaining about emergency only bec
My injury happened while I was working so it was reported as such. The doctor filled out a paper and even though I had a broken arm that I could work and that I could drive and quite a few other things that I wasn't able to do. I told him that and he said
My intake experience was not pleasant. The individual involved not sure if she was a nurse or admin but she wanted to weigh me. I have never been weighed in my life at an ED and I have been there 3 times since. I had a torn MCL ligament and was the only p
My last day I had a lot of anxiety I wanted out and wanted to go home I spent all day crying and the doctor found me and determined it was affecting my mental health and did what he could to get me out of there.
My last visit the doctor called ahead and I had to wait 10 hours in the ED. I do not understand that.
My leg wont be stand up that's why I went They put in form only Temp. and I never see any doctor during my stay
My life span been in the hospital a lot hear horror stories. But this was excellent I would recommend it if I had to. The team and Doctors are unbelievable. The staff went out their way to help you. Even taking a break later.
My mid wives were amazing.
My nurses were excellent, so was all the support staff. I felt so safe & looked after.
My one concern was on the  fact that I am pretty complex and yet was allowed to fall asleep without any tests being done or seeing the doctor. The second concern was that I don't believe any blood work was drawn but I carry a letter saying that certain bl
My only complaint was the shower was not working properly Nothing was done despite reporting in the entire stay. The nurse Elizabeth was patient, kind, respectful with my family. Her attitude was very positive and all kudos to her. I want this message to 
My only complaint, the second night I was in hospital one young female nurse said "I didn't need anymore water" after I threw up in isolation and couldn't get anything myself. Very disappointing.
My only concern. Triage beds were all full when I got there. Everything else was amazing.
My only thing is about the confusion of people who stop in to talk to you who is who that's confusing the services are great but everything is confusing I was there without knowing what I needed. I left without a doctors note. My leg is broken and I neede
My pain wiped me out whoever was working with me they helped me understand what was going on. But some of the staff helped me understand but I had a memory problem to remember all.
My social worker. Some of my nurses (XXXXX, XXXX, XXXX and XXXXXXXXX)
My specialist was suppose to get back to me in 3 days and if they didn't call I was suppose to call them so they never called so I called them the receptionist that I spoke to wasn't very pleasant and wasn't the greatest to speak told me she didn't have a
My support team worked well with the nurses before and during the birth. After birth it felt that I didn't get the support that I needed because of all of the other patients. It was a bit hard being a first-time mom. Overall the nurses were great.
My visit was because i was having a severe migraine the worst migraine in my life they gave me medication with no test after few days i had a stroke am not sure if my stroke would have been prevented if they had done test maybe not but we will never know 
My way time was higher than I expected and my high blood pressure was to high and they to my blood a lot of times I was not happy.
Need more non-medical help, social worker
Need to have comfortable chairs everywhere. need more comfortable pillows. Staff need to be made attentive, ignoring people is unacceptable.
Need to have rooms to assess people. I believe especially night time they need more Doctors only one doctor great guy but need more. There was a lot of little children that was so sick. I was in pain but the kids had to sit and wait as well. Ambulance too
Never cease to be amazed the patience the staff people would have in the rehab center.
Nice if those semi private rooms were bigger. The person next to had to a commode and walker and there was no room to get around. Not comfortable to get out of bed and go to the bathroom so I asked to leave after 2 days. My Doctor did not come see my fami
Night time help needs some improvement by certain staff. Consistency is needed. Some nights never got vitals done until 10 mins before shift.
No all I think is that the emergency department needs to make sure it's people with emergencies who get in there there has to be some way the emerge is kept for people who need the emerge and then people how need a doctor but haven't been able to get one 
No apart from going through 10 hours in the hospital and it being too long and a lot of people and take over priority people people but it was too long
No Everything was good
No excellent care. When we arrived there were 20 people ahead of us when they saw he was in pain he was immediately taken to see a doctor and they immediately started the blood work and X-ray.
No Except the doctor was actually excellent.
No from the time I got there until I left I felt I had been looked after well and had no negative feelings about it at all.
No I just believe I had excellent care I appreciate all the help I got.
No I just loved the services they provided I don't have any complain regarding there services.
No I think I had a good experience Everyone was very friendly.
No I think I was quite happy with it.
No I was actually quite content with how I was treated and taken care of and looked after there.
No I was well taken care of my health.
No I'll just say it was a really great experience I was not expecting it to be that fast and that great.
No I'm always treated good.
No info has been given to patient about his situation on wether he has had a stroke or not No info was sent to his Dr from the hospital and it has been almost two weeks now. Would simply like to know what had happened to him, but the dr who discharged him
No It was all awesome Thank you very much
No it was honestly a great experience and she went through surgery and everything and it was a great experience so that says a lot.
No it was overall a good experience
No it was overall positive takes long but it was good.
No it was pretty good I had a good experience.
No it was quite a positive experience I was I think admitted kept over night operated on and let go of within 26 hours and I think during COVID that's really good.
No it was very very positive.
No I've told everybody since I got home hat it's a great place all the people who work there are super and I was very well looked after.
No nothing I was fine by the end of it they gave me painkillers and I was good to go it was a good experience.
No problem everything was good.
No really Every time I have been to Grand River I always get impressed As far as my last visit, I don't think I much dealt with the nurses I am always happy with there services.
No the food was good. They changed the menu and they changed the quality of the food and that was great.
No, I just wish they would not get rid of the staff because of the COVID vaccines. I believe all the nurses they went from heroes to zeroes they worked through covid without getting the vaccines and now they're firing them. I don't think it's right.
No, they're doing an excellent job here and I don't have any complaints.
No. I do wanted to find the neurologist name before I left because she was very good.
No. It was good.
No. Nurses was very good
Nobody call back what was happened with me my memory is very bad nobody's done anything I lost my bleder.
Nope everything was okay. Sometimes they lie too much example I needed an MRI and they said 1 or 2 days. But it's been 3-4 weeks and I haven't received any call yet. Rather they should be honest by saying long wait times.
Nope I was met with much compassion
Nope it was easy and good.
Nope over all happy.
Nope They are very good.
Nope. All good.
Nope. Food is terrible.
Nope. I needed to follow-up with the CT scan but I was told to do with the family doctor. It takes lot of time in this process.
Nope. I was well looked after.
Nope. It was good.
Nope. Thank all the team for the treatment as it is the best.
Nope. They did a great job.
Nope. When first went in their they didn't have staff to put me in room when I was in lot of pain. That was the only thing.
Not a complaint. Some of the best treatment I ever received that day.
Not a perfect score. When transferred from XXXXXXXXXXXX we were told we would not have to wait in emergency but we wait almost 3 hours. We had to approach the nurse and ask about it and when she looked into it she got us on our way but we would have been 
Not a spa experience. Basic needs were met and that is about it. They did their job. Restrictions made it hard but they done what was needed to be done.
Not everything requires a COVID Test. More investigation for other issues.
Not impressed with the wait times considering the amount of people in the ER wasn't substantial. When I actually got into the back I find the nurses like to joke around. When there are people in pain it's not professional.
Not much.
Not on this visit but he has cancer and they switch rooms for the cancer treatments and he said he did not know where they got the chairs but they should try setting in them for 5 hours. But all the visits have been good except that.
Not really
Not really no.
Not really.
Not this visit.
Nothing I could think of now.
Nurse were very good but the doctor was disgusted.
Nurse XXXX who admitted me was confrontational and unhelpful telling me I was passive aggressive and threatening him. He was gaming me. I understood where I was and that I had no rights as a Canadian citizen. I was in a no mans land. How could this have h
Nurses and doctors are doing great job.
Nurses are awesome
Nurses were excellent.
Nurses were extremely friendly and personable made me feel the most comfortable. One cleaning lady was amazing I think her name may have been XXXXXX. She was amazing. One thing they did keep forgetting to bring my food if they thought I could not eat befo
Nurses were great. No complaints.
Nurses were so rude not professional did not care at all The worst experience She lost the baby and they behaved so badly. The nurse did not help at all. She asked to talk to the doctor but did not help with that. Her husband went back to the hospital as 
Nurses were very kind and compassionate and respectful. I was well taken care of.
Nurses worked very hard They are diligent Doctors were very good. I was in Emerg overnight which was not very pleasant No complaints.
Nursing staff should not have their cellular devices on hand as it causes distraction during working hours. Instead of looking at their phones waiting for care due to the fact they are distracted. The health care system is failing us Canadians
Nursing staff very complimentary. They were helpful Nice personalities But when it comes to details that separate the sheep from the goats. Some pay attention to the small details more than others. When I was first there I was confirmed to bed all the tim
Nursing staff was very responsive and patient I had no problems. Only bad experience was a piece of equipment was not working right and it went off every 30 minutes.
Oh I don't know I guess I had a very little info from the doctors and as far as the emergency is concerned I was on a stretcher for about 24 hours.
On that day I phoned to ask about my report because I need a copy of my report. I repeatedly called I left a messaged no one called me to give report or anything like that. I sent an email and I constantly call the emergency and thy transfer transfer me t
On the whole it was very satisfactory.
Once we enter before we are giving a room. I have a newborn that I have to breast feed. Have to bring my new born. We need a room or some place to breast feed your child. There was a cubicle but It was not private. Newborn cannot wear mask. Waiting time i
One important thing is that the doctor that treated us in the emergency didn't really understand the extent of our accident. He treated us very superficially as if nothing major happened. I didn't like that approach basically the doctor told us I could go
One night I was in a lot of pain and had a disagreement with the nurse about the timeline of when I had my pills. She was late and I was not happy but we work out. Other wise it would be a 10 out of 10. Also I was glad that surgeon came to see me. I don't
One nurse did not want to follow the doctors orders. I would ask for Tylenol and she would say that I didn't have an order for it. I would have to go without. I would then ask a different nurse and she would ask if wanted Tylenol 3 or the regular. I know 
One nurse there was great she got me a social worker.
One nurse was quite disrespectful I needed to go to the bathroom and since I walk with a cane she assumed I could not make it to the bathroom and was going to bring in a portable one. I said no I can make but I have to go now because I have bowl problems 
One of biggest benefits was the lactation consultant and now that services being reduced because of funding costs They will lose that and it was the best experience. A negative part Nurses being chatty in the middle of child birth experience. Staff should
One of the best treatment I have ever had
One of the male nurses in the ED right across from the nurses station had said really loud I would love to shove a catheter into her. No one is shoving anything up me.
One thing about communication it was through email as well.
One thing delayed the care not the nurses or doctors fault the drug that I needed was locked up and unfortunately I did not get the actual medicine I needed for an hr after seeing the doctor because he had to search the hospital for the medicine having ea
One thing I look up wait times online and they said 1 hour wait and there was no patients. When I got there the display said 1 hour wait. I got into triage very quickly and then had to wait 9 hours.
One thing I want to share is the doctor I had was really really good. Any doctor I've ever seen has always been quick to diagnose and this doctor asked what was wrong and what I thought it would be.
One thing that concerns me is that there was nothing to signal where I should go once I made it into the emergency department. As I had trouble seeing it was hard to use the machine until my husband was able to use it. Additionally the wait time was extre
One time I went to the emergency and waited 14 hours and didn't see any doctor. The emergency room sucks.
Only complaint is that 24 hours after the baby is born there is screenings, but the clinic was closed on XXXXXX and XXXXXXXX and they wanted me to stay another night. It was like they were saying not to have a baby on XXXXXX night something about the gove
Only complaint the wait time was long. Everything else was great.
Only one difficulty I had a problem with not in possession of a computer. Keyboard to enter my name had no clue what to do with that thing. Nobody there to help her with the keyboard. 9/10 was familiar with what to do with the keyboard but I didn't. I had
Only one thing we needed the OB on call and it took an hour and a half. It was not an emergency but still.
Only that there were very good and I appreciate what they did.
Only the time required to get the care was the only issue. The doctor was very good he explained things really well.
Only thing nobody told me to follow with my doctor. I realize with priorities but a sat for a long time 7 hours before I left. I thought it would better to departmentalize the ER so things like cuts and bruises can be sent some wheres else so they do not 
Only thing that bother me. I could not have the blood tests results because I don't have a doctor in Canada. I had to provide a postal code and other stuff. That would talk a week or two to get the results. Also I don't have an OHIP card so could not chec
Other hospitals were good but this hospital was EXCELLENT!!
Other than not being told what was happening, that was the biggest thing. I always asked a lot of questions and there was a lack of cohesiveness. I would ask what was happening and they would tell me they would go find out and it would be days before they
Other than the fact that I was very impressed with the care the doctors and nurses. Were giving to all patients over there. I really like this hospital and this is the only reason I'm staying in this locality.
Other than the lack of sense of humor it was pretty good. I'm a bit of an entertainer by nature and they were not having that.
Other then the fact I was there for a long time because of my condition it took a long time for me to get tested The doctor basically discharged me and told me to follow up with my family doctor but kept me until my blood pressure went I feel they could h
Over all very good visit very fast.
Overall a good experience.
Overall experience is good.
Overall gave an 8. The nurses were attentive and pleasant. Down side is late at night before I was able to get a room. Most of the evening was in a bed in ED. It was hectic I was surrounded by a lot of people could not sleep. They did everything they coul
Overall good experience. I was not sure what would happen. I am happy with the treatment they provided me. After one week my eye was better.
Overall great experience Not there very long. Best care I could ask for and I was in and out quickly with my daughter.
Overall I had a terrible experience. The doctor took a long to show up. I was getting help from another doctor but due to an emergency situation I had to go to the hospital. The hospital doctor didn't help me and told me to visit my personal doctor.
Overall I had good care and yeah.
Overall I was happy with the visit
Overall I'm very glad the service I got from the emergency
Overall is good. I requested a shower for two weeks and I never got it.
Overall it is okay some nurses are fantastic some are not friendly. I asked for private room and I did not get one. The people in the room has gone through a lot. it was stressful.
Overall it was a great experience; however they could improve the food. I think patients should be given a choice of what they want instead of just bringing the meal without any input.
Overall it was good the dr prescribed me with some mediation and it help me so much cleared all things I had problems I had am very happy the dr gave me the miracle drug is really helped me
Overall it was good treated me well. The food could have been better. However when we were leaving I was discharge on a XXXXXXXX so no volunteers to help us downstairs my wife and I had to take everything. Other than that it was fantastic.
Overall it was good.
Overall it was great. I was clearly instructed on what I need to do to further my care.
Overall it was perfect. I amazed at the care I am getting at the hospital.
Overall it was professional and nurses exceptional.
Overall positive experience it was humiliating as I had a vacuum cleaner stuck to me. But seriously they were very professional and did it as quickly as they could.
Overall the care was good. The wait in the ED is really long. Everyone so busy but you feel rushed. You feel like you don't feel like you are being fully paid attention to. Took a long time to get in.
Overall thought it was fast which was good. When saw the doctor it was brief and I could not understand what he said so I left in confusion. I did not know what my next steps were. Seems like I was a hassle to him. The nurse I had was great She was really
Overall, I could see how busy the place was. I didn't feel neglected or anything.
Patient had a great experience on the Unit. Emergency experience was not quite as well patient was experiencing internal bleeding found her wait time was rather ridiculously long as during this wait time her fallopian tube had ruptured (to the point it wa
Patient was not aware of what had happened to her she never got an explanation from the staff when she woke up they simply asked if she felt good and was able to move if she is able to put her shoes on she can leave. they seemed to not take her so serious
People are very respectful. They tried to be fast. Only one doctor. Did a urine test and wish they share the results. My doctor was not open. Just told it looks good but did not know why I was in pain. I liked the questions and the idea of this survey.
People have to wait for so long. Why is it called emergency department if someone in severe pain has to wait for 3 - 4 hours?
People seem to care about the patients and their jobs they smiled and called me dear or honey.
Perhaps same people/patients may appreciate conversations with staff be conducted in private, as apposed to in a communal space.
Personally when I went in originally the ambulance ahead of me had a patient in cardiac distress. I understand sometimes how hospital are inundated with people who come in with various problems I understand some are in need of immediate attention and othe
Personnel staff was amazing and I think they were under power and the reason why I waited took hours until the doctor came. The staff was excellent and under staff. I was very happy with the service quality it was just wait not that I did not have time to
Pillows were uncomfortable
Pleasant and comfortable with giving me resources to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX intensive day program and a addiction treatment facility in XXXXXXXXXX
Pleasantly surprised.
Probably just the assessment in the ER because I went there I was sent there by my OB and I was having a bad chest pain and it took them approximately three hours just to get my vital signs like I understand the wait times in the ER but I'm not sure on th
Probably the best ED visit I have had out of any hospital. I felt the medical staff was caring and compassionate. They really cared about you.
Professional and caring treatment received from the staff. I have nothing bad to say about any of the staff. We are blessed to have these services in our backyard so to speak.
Pt decided halfway through to just say his complaints. He found the doctor that treated him was generally rough with the daughter and needs more bedside mannerisms. Also the rules regarding Parent assistance during procedures should be revised as he found
PT feels the hospital staff could've researched the issue more as apposed to just prescribing meds and sending her on her way.
PT looking for mental health resources. Gave PT relations specialist number.
Quickest visit ever
Quite satisfactory Well served. Just the noise with the other patients especially with cell phones. They have them on speaker phone. That is a real nuisance only negative. Just respect at certain times. Recovering from surgery it is hard sleep. Disrespect
Really good friendly and helpful. Helped me a lot with my breastfeeding.
Really impress how I was treated. Optometrist said to got to the ER. I seen an ophthalmologist and he scheduled an MRI. Amazing health care over all.
Really impress with the ED doctor. She cared and was really friendly. She did everything she could to make sure I was able to go. Made sure I was referral to orthopedic surgeon. She really reassured me.
Received great care and we are very thankful
Recommend to reduce the waiting time to see the dr. I was probably waiting for almost 3 hours before some checks were done on me.
Removed option to smoke or drink because cannot have cigarette or alcohol
Renovation makes it pretty crowded besides that I think they're pretty on the ball. Never been treated poorly at the hospital.
Right after my son was born; the staff/doctor didn't go over everything I had shared with the nurse about prolonging umbilical cord cutting; I wanted to do the cutting; and it took a while for it to be confirmed; there was a lack of communication.
Seeing the psychiatrist + social worker.
Service was good. Happy with the treatment I got.
Services really bad
She felt that she was being cared for and understood the tests she was receiving So she was comforted at the quickness to results She however was very disappointed in how long in took for the dr to speak with her (however she understands he was the only d
She found that the Nurse Dr's and the crises workers seem to not listen carefully or closely to their patients. Found that they would try to get her to do things she was not able/ready to do. Client felt she was slightly mistreated with the way that they 
She had a wonderful stay and the staff was amazing
She had an overall good experience too long of wait times and walk in clinics should be opened during covid.
She thought the nurses were AWESOME. Very good high strong and words to say about how good they were.
She was overall not impressed and she waited for over 6 hours and never had a dr or nurse approach or speak to her. So she signed herself out and left outpatients.
She was really tired her stomach really hurt. And the doctor took long time. Really long time. We were waiting in the room for a very long time.
She was well looked after It is appreciative.
Shorten the wait time
Shorten waiting time for the patient. I know they are busy but I think having more supportive staff would make the patient have a better experience.
Should give you information after surgery not when you live. Dieticians should talk they gave me broccoli for lunch when I had surgery on my abdomen. I had debilitating pain worst than my surgery pain. They have to realize people have different tolerance 
Should have a bar there.
Should not put PT with migraines in a noisy and loud hallway for 2 days in the ED . That is all I have to say.
So everything was very well but she hopes that faster with speed but other than it was good and she wants to deliver the baby there. She doesn't want to wait too long.
So I arrived at the hospital and I was giving my problems and I said had difficulties breathing and they asked me if I had any other covid symptoms and I said no. I sat there for almost 2 hours and I still couldn't get to see any doctor even though I told
So I came in I sent by my family doctor. By the time I am not able to see doctor I had advised ultra sound but they closed department so I came next day by the time my clot get so big.
So I do not like when your waiting room they come to you in front of everyone else and discuss your personal care in front of the other patients waiting. This is very wrong and a breach of privacy. Other than that everyone was fantastic.
So I want to be concise here the problem with the visit and it turned the whole thing into a major production because of it is that the doctor didn't speak English very well and she because she was a visiting doctor she didn't understand the process of Gr
So I'm in chemotherapy and i had a very high fever at 39 3 so that's why I went to hospital I'd been in and out prior to this visit for similar reasons so it wasn't anything new or surprising to my charts therefore making it astonishing that I didn't see 
So the issue is if you don't find the reason for acute pain then there's a risk of chronic pain and if it becomes chronic then you run into the opioid crisis and chronic emerge visits so I don't understand why emerge wouldn't try to find the acute pain if
So the kitchen was kept locked and for a cup of water I would have to ask each time for the nurse to get it. I would recommend they install a type of water dispenser outside of the locked kitchen making easy for patients to get water.
So yes I was there for child birth the lactation consultants are really terrible they made me feel awful about myself and as a new mom I left the hospital in tears because of this. They have all the information needed however they are very  bias because n
So yes I was there for child birth the lactation consultants are really terrible they made me feel awful about myself and as a new mom I left the hospital in tears because of this. They have all the information needed however they are very bias because no
Social workers were excellent Doctor XXXXX was excellent Nurses were helpful
Some experience were amazing in regards to my baby's birth however I had a pretty bad tear which needed stitches and I felt I did not get enough care and information I needed with that before I went home.
Some food issues I had a full diet that started out as liquids but the diet changes did not happen I was just receiving liquids all the time.
Some nurses were excellent. Others were barely doing what I asked or needed. They did the minimum. Which made the nurse questions hard to answer. Kudos to the doctor and anesthetists.
Some nurses were more concerned with their cellphones rather than looking after patient needs One nurse told me it must be difficult to find employment being so old Nurses have minimal interactions with patients
Some of the sensitivities of the nurses needs to be addressed. They need to be caring and compassionate towards patients.
Somebody came out to talk to me about the soars on my arms and legs. She just said to use Aveno. No medicine.
Somebody should have come to talk to me to explain to me what's going on. I was locked up for 6 hours and as per mental canadian act I was basically jailed.
Sometime there could be more nurses I was in a semi private room the lady next to me could need more help. Sometimes when you press the call button they don't always come. There should have some rules. The lights are on all the time you just can't sleep.
Sometimes a nurse/intern/educator would say one thing and another would say something else which caused us to have to try to figure out occasionally which one was right. The treatment is ongoing and we have had daily calls with interns but have had very l
Sometimes doctors need to trust that we know our children. For example when we were in the emergency department someone came to take his blood and she was not comfortable doing so unless there was someone there to hold him down. My son does not have a har
Sometimes would be nice if there was more staff to help out as sometimes takes a while to get things Maybe have more empathetic staff
Staff did very well.
Staff member who was a Nurse was at first grumpy until I joked with her and then her demeanor changed. I found other nurses had issues with the same nurse. Other than that I had a good stay. No issues at all.
Staff seemed to genuinely care about myself and my needs
Staff that know me and trust my instincts/self awareness.
Staff was amazing The wait time however was very very long to patient.
Staff was really great
Stayed in ER for 3 days then moved oncology. Was a lot better experience in oncology would have been nicer to move there earlier there was a few people waiting from ER to go oncology. There is a lack of beds in oncology so they need more.
Still I don't know the issue. Initially I went to ER after 1 week of my first visit. I have not received any call even after 3 weeks of tests that were done. Why did they put me through tests when everything was okay? I still have congestion and pain. The
Support from social workers/addiction counselors Encouragement to attend treatment programs etc.
Suppose to be a day surgery. Had to stay overnight. The nurses in day surgery section were wonderful. When in the room they were good too. They day surgery staff were excellent. Disappointed the government ships you out after having a breast remove. XX ye
Suppose to have surgery in morning doctor came in and said another doctor was going to do it. Then 2nd doctor thought it was too risky to do and she was busy with people having babies and she was the only one. They decided to send me home and they would d
Surgery rescheduled several time
Talking to doctor & nurse - The other patients helped a lot too
Thank you everyone for the help. It was good for me.
Thank you for taking care of me.
Thank you for the care.
Thanks to all the wonderful people who take good care of me. I appreciate them very much. Anyone that needs help should go there.
That stay was terrible. I would like to express that there was very poor communication between the nurses and the doctors and myself and that ended up resulting in myself waiting for 9 hours just for an induction.
That was pretty satisfying with time and care.
That was the best experience I have ever had at that hospital.
The ambulance ride was horrible. The people who took me in ambulance didn't believe me when I said I was in pain and that was horrible. When I got to the hospital I was in pain and the paramedics told the nurse that I was lying to get out of an exam. When
The bed was between soft and hard. The staff was really great. Overall the experience was good.
The beginning we both wanted the private room, they gave us a private room and later the made us stay in the semi private room, they was no space in the semi private room, it was so not comfortable for two days until i got into in labor, they said the don
The best department I have been to
The care itself was great
The care that we received was excellent but the amount of time in which we received the care was the problem. It was too long.
The care was best during my life They were very kind and honest
The care was cold its just a suggestion
The care was drastically different from night and day The night was not good They would take 15 mins to come after you pressed the call button
The care was excellent
The care was excellent and the staff was courteous.
The care was excellent from my point of view as a professional nurse. They have too many patients for one person so its hard to reach every one in one or two hours so that's why I was there for 13 hours and didn't see the doctor for 11 hours.
The care was excellent. The wait time was excellent. The volunteer in the emergency came giving me a big bag of ice and stayed for extra half hour because nobody else are available after her. That's was a exceptional thing to do she was an elder lady. The
The care was exemplary
The care was good.
The care was great however they need more beds. An update is needed as you see years of wear and tear.
The care was very delayed my membrane stopped 28hrs before it ruptured and my child was born and was told they didn't have a nurse available or staff that could take of me which caused me to have so many infections they gave me a room more than 18 hours f
The care was very quick. The doctor was a bit abrupt but care was quick
The charge nurse that night we were in the room right in front of the charge nurse The paramedics were very rude to the other patients The charge nurse was very rude and with an elderly patient there is no privacy in the er the charge nurse was very degra
The cleaning was very sporadic and one cleaner came in and cleaned only a corner of my tray and began touching everything on the table for no reason and two of the nurses were wearing door passes dangling from their uniform and I don't think that was very
The cleanliness 6th floor A wing toilet block every other day and needed a plumber to fix came back Nov 11 toilet getting snake. That frequency is pretty bad. When running chemo you need a running toilet. A Cleaner not normally work on the 6th floor was o
The communication between the Nurses DR's and families could've been better. The shower in her bathroom did not work so she did not get to shower. She would've liked to have a better knowledge and write up of all her prescribed medicines as she really doe
The communication needs to be better I told them how much insulins I take and I had to tell everybody like everybody.
The community is very underserved by our Emergency Departments.
The DBT group run by XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was very informative The music therapy group run by XXXX was so encouraging + uplifting!
The discharge lady rush me out of room did not wait to put my coat on and said to put my coat on downstairs. She just left me and did not even say where to sit and the IV was still in my arm the Nurse from across the room saw me in shock and ran over to t
The discharge nurse told me that I had 9 staples in one of my sutures and gave me a staple remover and that I needed to bring to my family doctor to have them removed but I did not have any staples. The same nurse told me to take them every three hours un
The doctor and nurses that night were very good and knowledgeable.
The doctor and the nurse gave different diagnoses. But the fracture clinic cleared things up for me
The doctor could not fully diagnose me because I needed an ultrasound and nobody was there to do it. I was told to go home and come back in the morning. When I came back for the test they discovered that I had a small blood clot in my leg.
The doctor didn't seem like she looked at my records before she saw me and she more sloppy and I was more confused leaving then I was when I entered. She showed me the computer screen to read it myself and told me results without knowing them herself.
The doctor I had was amazing. The nurses not so much because I didn't feel well listened to.
The doctor that took care of me was amazing so was the nurse. The nurse in the emergency room was absolutely wonderful; however I think they are a little over worked and over stressed but they do the very best they can.
The doctor was excellent and had a great sense of humor and a great bedside manner.
The doctor was fantastic who told it like it was and gave the care that we needed and he was good.
The doctor was just really phenomenal and was there the second I got a bed. I know anaphylaxis is an emergency but everyone was there really fast.
The doctor was nice but I felt like he dismissed what I went in for. I was experiencing pain in my arm my leg and knee and the pain in my arm was pretty severe but he did not even note this in the report and only mentioned my leg when he did the tests. Wh
The doctor was wonderful she was caring she was in depth she ordered a bunch of tests The tests have not even though she put urgent the tests have not happened and then the results would be sent to her and my family doctor. Basically I mean I was trying t
The doctor XXXXXXXXXX is very good.
The doctors are too fast they rush the information.
The doctors before surgery decided they are sending me home I begged to stay. I broke my ankle severely and I said I have no one to help me at home. But they wanted me to leave. The surgeon were great and knowledgeable. The hospital should not let people 
The Doctors gave me time to process and they told me everything what was the next step. They were working with a blank canvas and had to take one step at a time so cannot fault them for that. Can't get everything from a CT scan. Doctors had compassion.
The doctors were very short and they were pretty rude. He asked me to explain and I would explained and would cut me off saying yeah I have the notes here. He explained as little as possible and I was extremely upset.
The dr attended to was a professional and he treated me well. The only concern was the waiting time I waited about 4 hours. People should be attended to on time that's why they call it an ED. THEY ARE TRYING WITH THE SITUATION AND CONDITION OF COVID ...
The dr get mad if you come in if you not bleeding physical bleeding I had a concussion the did not talk to me I was disrespectful The did not do and test and they did care about name - the don't have the medical sight just because I was not bleeding out s
The dr was very nice and helped a lot. The wait time was too long though.
The ED DR the amount of blood pressure medicine I was on which 16 mlg and I got 8 mlg and my blood pressure was still high we don't know why the drop it and the floor DR was wondering why they dropped it - overall it was a good stay
The ED is VERY IMPORTANT FOR ME IT IS GOOD WHEN I CALLED 911 THY WERE FAST VERY PATIENT FOR ME NICE PEOPLE AND VERY CARE FOR ME
The emergency area is terrible
The emergency experience was not the best The wait time was quite long. There were no admission beds available so we were out in the hall on a bed waiting to be seen. It was a very uncomfortable experience. Once admitting the experience was entirely diffe
The emergency process could be better we sat from 11 previous nIght with acute pain and wasn't seen until 4 or 5am if something happened like her appendix bursting which all symptoms pointed to that's what it was they waited until they ddi the ultrasound 
The emergency room crowd was crowded.
The emergency room wait was a bit long given she is just a baby we waited 12 hours in Emerge most of the time was in the waiting room so it was hard had we have been transferred earlier that would have been ideal I feel that the hospital is understaffed
The emergency should treat people and keep a fast pace. The waiting time is too long at the emergency for a doctor to see you. The nurse didn't inject me properly and she put me in a lot of pain with the injection. The hospital should get back to her and 
The ER takes too long to get through.
The evaluation I had in the Emergency department was inconclusive. So I have had to have visits with other doctors to determine my diagnosis.
The experience would have been different if doctors have participated just like nurses did. It's a nurses show entirely.
The fact that I didn't get any talking with the nurses. I went in with a badly bruised ankle and they didn't even offer me ice or a pain killer.
The fact that is very good.
The first doctor was rude to me. Another doctor came in and he was nice and gentle to me.
The first night I has to stay in a nurse office with bright light. I couldn't sleep Then got into a room that things was going on all the time and there is man in the room I don't like it. One was disturbing and the nurse took him out to the hall and one 
The follow up what I had was a seizure and I had a follow up with the doctor afterwards and he was not that helpful. He really was interested and was just there. What he had said is they gave me the wrong medication as the medication the gave me would ind
The food - they nearly killed me. Until they figured about what my needs were in terms of my diet they nearly starved me. I would like to thank Dr. XXXX and the nursing staff. They did a fantastic job.
The food and programming. The way some escalating situations were handle by security well one security guard was not helpful.
The food is disgusting absolutely wild.
The food lack It was really disappointing tasteless and not palatable at all. Thank you for giving the assistance I required.
The food needs improvement its barely edible - When concerns are voiced don't sedate the person - Let people smoke in the courtyard - Go through a clear treatment plan that the patient is fully aware of
The food quality and more freedom.
The food sucks but I guess that's somewhat standard. It'd be nice if they could improve on that but I understand that they are trying to feed a lot of people in a short amount of time. They screwed up my meals a few times.
The food they offer children is not edible to children. We had to go get food all the time. I appreciated having little cots in the room that was good. Most of the nurses were very caring.
The food was absolutely not even edible most days Half the time I would need to go get him food. Building is a bit dated and could use some upgrades.
The food was absolutely terrible and I mean it was terrible It was like frozen foods and I had a problem with one of the male nurses I was not impressed with him at all and there was no towel or washcloth in the washroom and when they put the IV in it cam
The food was disgusting. I feed my dog better.
The food was good and it was served fine and on time. Did have excellent care.
The food was good.
The food was horrible.
The food was terrible.
The government has to figure out a solution to equity within the hospital system Some areas get funded very well and others can scream at the top of there lungs and nobody hears them.
The government should fund more into healthcare.
The Grand River was excellent. St. Mary's was terrible. I was treated rudely.
The hospital did a great job
The hospital food needs to be improved.
The hospital is excellent. I couldn't have asked for better help.
The hospital records state Extreme Injury. The Doctor asked me if I had anything for pain when I advised that I had not he advised that we would get me something for pain but it took another 20 minutes. The other thing I did not appreciate about my care w
The info that's taken from the patient from the beginning can be overheard by other patients and their support people in the waiting room. There's a lack of privacy and therefore lack of confidentiality in the intake process.
The initial stage of triage abt 6 o clock in the morning and they was one person before me and a lot of people kept coming in and going before me It would have been nice if they were transparent about he waiting time A lady actually left If they were tran
The initial visit was lengthy but I wasn't in any pain. From that visit I entered what they call a DVT protocol program at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. It utilized the emergency services for 12 days. Once I went into this program it went a lot smoother than init
The Insurance company asked for a report. It was a 12 or 15 pages long report. There was so little about my examination and so much about other things about how many times I asked for things. I expected more of a medical report but I didn't find anything.
The intake nurse was professional and kind. But it would've been great if the nurses were trained to check on the symptoms and instead of waiting 6 hours for a doctor to see me for 2 secs. It would be great if the nurses had greater skill in taking care o
THE LACK OF FOLLOW UP CARE They said I can come back and it was very vague They did not say what I could do or what I should do after I get home
The last visit I had was a good experience. I didn't wait a lot so I feel like doctors just really took car of me. I think it was a good experience. I had some bad experiences too but I answered the questionnaire according to my last visit.
The length is kind of ridiculous when you have to sit and wait for five or six hours.
The length of time we had to wait because it was busy. However the Doctor was excellent and took his time with me.
The level of pain PT was in was not addressed quick enough for the level of pain pt was experiencing. Feels it an over worked under staffed issue.
The light in the waiting room are really hard on the eyes.
The main complaint I had is I have a fear of being in small places and places in confined. I was asking to go outside and come back I understand COVID protocol but I didn't feel I was heard. I was traumatized while my stay The doctors and staff was great.
The meals are terrible uneatable. The help with the meals were terrible as well. No lids for hot beverages.
The meals weren't too bad.
The medical care system needs a whole re-innovative look at it because there are so many demands and there is a lot of doctors dealing with such a large number of patients. Everyone in the emergency has kind of a devastating mind set regarding how long th
The medical system should be fast.
The medication (olanzipine) contributed in a noticeable change in my mental state which is beneficial. The staff/team that supported me did a good job with setting up/referring me to other community supports, groups, and appointments.
The medication in which was prescribed - differences of hospitals and what was prescribed.
The menu is geared towards a specific class. The high fiber options were not good for me.
The negative side was the triage portion in ED it is long and you are just hanging there. No communication. Don't know what to do or where to go. Once you are in it is a different story everyone is friendly. Surgeon was top notch. He came in on a day off 
The night Dr. Alarie she recognized that I did want to be at the hospital because I wanted have birth at home and she took my care professional They a nurse MELISSA on the delivery she was on shift November 14 She was absolutely fantastic I was impressed 
The number 1 reason for my low scores I think is because we are dealing with a pandemic but my situation had nothing to do with the pandemic so I don't think I received the care I deserved. But I do appreciate the care that I did receive.
The nurse and recreation therapist and doctors listened to me and helped me with my problems.
The nurse and the doctors were very kind and they take care of the patients. The only problem I had was the vending machine was not working at all. I couldn't find any water to drink because I had a sore throat.
The nurse practitioner are very caring and welcoming.
The nurse practitioner had a very heavy accent. They weren't as thorough as they should have been. I had to go back. The 2nd time I went back the ER doctor said I should have had a CT scan the first time.
The Nurse practitioner in the ER and the post op Nurses and the ped's Nurses they were incredible lovely to him. They hit the balance and treated me like an equal but knew I was the mother. The Surgeon was lovely and explained everything. Staff fantastic 
The nurse practitioner was excellent.
The nurse practitioner was very friendly actually all the nurses were quite nice.
The nurse that took her blood work was not polite and empathetic.
The nurse was very good.
The nurses & hospital staff are amazing but VERY overworked. Some days the nurses would be on shift before I went to bed and back before I woke up The outpatient services appear helpful!
The nurses and doctor's all went above and beyond. He is XXXX so they had a few toys to distract him and he had to have his shirt cut off him and they sowed it back on a teddy bear. They did a good job distracting him. They did a really good job with him.
The nurses and doctors are too busy.
The nurses and doctors were amazing. The facility needs more rooms and doctors nurses to take care of everything. Instead of taking away rooms put more rooms into the hospital instead of me staying at home I would've' liked to have been cared for at the h
The nurses and doctors were great even the dietician. The food has improved at the hospital. I was surprised. They were all wonderful and I can't say enough good things about them.
The nurses are nursing.
The nurses are very pleasant and helpful.
The Nurses at XXXXXXXXXXX are not as nice as XXXXXXXXXX. At XXXXXXXXXX they listen to you and at XXXXXXXXXXX they don't. You wait too long there.
The nurses downstairs were very dismissive of me while I was in recovery. I told them that I had to urinate at least 4 times and they could not get an orderly to come and get me. I get that someone had come in and it was an emergency. When I was taken bac
The nurses in peds were great. XXXXXXXXX was wonderful.
The nurses in the ward were really amazing. They were very helpful.
The nurses on the 6th floor were amazing; especially the first nurse on my first night.
The nurses power trip to much they were more concerned about filling their authority got a lot of angry nurses. when you call in the answering machine said they will get back to you in 24 hours I called day after day and even left VM on directors VM and n
The nurses that we had were fabulous.
The nurses there are angels.
The nurses were amazing nurses they were super nice so happy with what they were doing. I will not say anything negative.
The nurses were amazing went above and beyond.
The nurses were amazing. The dieticians as well.
The nurses were awesome all nurses have so much patience.
The nurses were extremely busy; there should be more of them on staff. Nobody bothered to check in on me after I was done having treatment.
The nurses were extremely tired. I felt bad for them. They were clearly working too hard.
The nurses were fantastic and took care of me well. The doctors were also very good in explaining and treating me. It really helped me a lot. The food was also good and it helped me a lot.
The nurses were fantastic. The doctor was amazing.
The nurses were fantastic. The IN charged nurse on 6th floor was excellent. I would like to thank them they make me experience very well
The nurses were good but they could have looked more caring and maybe more human and more sensitive
The nurses were great The doctors explained things The room was a mess No come into to clean the room The bathroom was terrible.
The nurses were great.
The nurses were really busy but gave good care.
The nurses were short-staffed in the NICU. Her monitor went off because her oxygen level dropped I was calling for help because she was turning blue it took a significant amount of time before someone could help. That was very concerning but the nurses we
The nurses were so nice. They had to have someone special to come in to access my port.
The nurses were understaffed.
The nurses were very nice and the cleaning was not good. The doctors were in a hurry made me nervous and were not so nice
The nurses were very nice and whenever I needed extra medication they were very quick and efficient to helping me. The social worker helped me a lot with papers to help get me more support after I leave the hospital.
The nursing staff exceeded my expectations They went above and beyond!
The nursing staff is outstanding and overworked
The nursing staff is wonderful!
The nursing staff was amazing. The Doctors lack in communication with each other and patients and the bed side manners of some of the doctors were pretty bad. That's why I wouldn't recommend this hospital to anyone its not because of the nurses its becaus
The nursing staff was very friendly + compassionate.
The nursing staff were amazing the doctors were timely during the day I had one lovely lady DJ she would say I haven't done anything for you is there anything I can do you for? One day I said you can get me a coffee and she said we don't have a coffee mac
The nursing staff were fantastic the communication between nurses and doctors and MIR lab is not sufficient.
The OB that delivered me I had trouble communicating with her and there was zero communication at all.
The one thing that would be really nice to see is if they could have more doctors and staff for the night shift. in the doctors defense they didn't really spend a lot of time with one person because there were so many people. I think it would be helpful i
The only bad thing is please do something about your food.
The only complaint that I have is when I went to the hospital. They were so busy and I had to wait 10 hours to see a doctor. The reason for the long wait is that the nurse mispronounced my first name. I am not racist but it shouldn't be that hard. I had a
The only concern I had he had a covid test and i asked it to be part of the papers and what was wrong was him I had to ask repeatedly what the problem is and what the test results and blood test this is an ongoing issue with having to ask multiple times a
The only criticism is really is that I'm kind of in this limbo stage to see the specialist. I don't know what to look for. I don't know how many hours to wear my boot to bed. Do I wear it 24/7. I don't know any of these answers. Everyone was lovely there 
The only frustration I have I was suppose to be going to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and the paper that was suppose to be faxed wasn't there and I am having difficulty tracking that down. Other than that that staff was very pleasant and helpful. Wonderful nurs
The only problem is my room is very costly because I have a student visa and the person in the account department told me it was because I don't pay taxes is why.
The only reason I got a bed was because the doctor thought I would be dead by the morning and gave me a bed immediately in the ICU. They even told so to my daughter and that upset me a lot because I clearly made it through. In terms of staff they were all
The only thing and the only reason I guess why the overall I haven't been to thee hospital very often but the only thing as far as the overall rating being a 7 They put me in a ward with three men right by the nurses station so I was the only woman on the
The only thing I had a problem with was the long wait.
The only thing I have to complain about it that I was put in a room with males I am a elderly female and I don't know why they did it that way but it made me uncomfortable.
The only thing I worried about was that I was told to go to the second clinic for strokes I waited two weeks and finally had to call I feel there was a mix up or everyone got really busy during the holiday seasons. When I called the hospital transferred m
The only thing I would mention was when I arrived at Labour and Delivery the person behind the front desk checking people in was very rude I was in labour and she was getting me to sign papers in between contractions and it was like I was taking up her ti
The only thing is a long wait to get in 5 hours is unacceptable in extreme pain and I am really mad about that. When I was checked into the room they took good care.
The only thing is I was concerned about the practices of using gloves and washing there hands there was a little but of inconsistency going on with that.
The only thing is I was there for three days and I never once seen a washcloth I never got my teeth brushed never got my face washed had to call the nurse for a glass of water but I realize it's covid and things are different but I figured they could at l
The only thing is I wish they gave me a little bit more information about a concussion. The nurses told me to take Advil and Tylenol after I got home and I found out you're not supposed to take advil with a concussion because of bleeding. They did xrays o
The only thing is its a long wait time
The only thing is that having not been in a hospital for many years I didn't know the routine for the floor and I think it should be provided.
The only thing is was I was surprised to get a bill for what my insurance didn't cover. I had a still birth and I had no choice. It wasn't a big bill but still It was surprising.
The only thing overall it was a very good hospital experience the only thing I answered low on was admissions. It was probably a unique circumstance. I was admitted for surgery but then had to be transferred from Grand River then back to Grand River. It w
The only thing that could use some work is the shift that are at night is staffed with less knowledgeable nurses then the day time shift. It lead to me receiving a a full tablet of my pain medication rather then half a pill that I was suppose to be giving
The only thing that wasn't nice was having to wait so long. I think they did as good as they could.
The only thing was the cleanliness wasn't as good as I thought it should be. I know they're very busy. That's no critique on anyone or the hospital. They're doing a fine job and appreciate the work they do.
The only thing while my leg was not broken I still could not walk after the xray they did nothing else to investigate. I was given a referral for massage and physio. But not able to walk on my own they did mention that they would give me anti inflammatory
The only unfortunate part about it was that I was left alone in the hospital at the CAT scan area and nobody came to see me so I walked out of the hospital and walked home.
The organization to get home after released was poorly organized, it can be improved
The patient come in they should give proper attention and listen to the patient.
The people who work in mental health centres need to see the patients sooner. They never check my bag when left alone. So they could be some danger for this.
The personal care is 0 and the facility was grossly dirty there were pee all over the bathroom and I had a spinal condition and it's frozen I was in conscious they just let me lay for 1 day without out  any checking nobody ever came to wash me up the seco
The physio therapists were excellent and they helped me out quite a bit.
The place looked dirty. Should be clean it is covid. Give more information at the door. I sat there and did not know what to do. The guy is eating and drinking coffee and not paying attention. Did not acknowledge me. At least clean up. Then someone finall
The psychiatrist Dr. XX heard me and say me, nurse XXXXXXX heard me. Thank you!
The psychologist brushed me off and I had a follow up with him and he kinda said oh I have BPD and just brushed me off again and just set me up with that diagnosis for me and he said here read this I have taken it upon myself to get outside help. The nurs
The Question about the noise it was not the Nurses fault. Witnessing the patients in there at XXXXXXXXX and some my have not have gotten the care they needed like the person with dementia but the Nurses were gracious and the food was good and it was clean
The response time is pretty awful it takes an hour to see a doctor and for an allergic reaction it should not be like that.
The room I was in was very clean. Mostly the bathroom as I was sharing with men.
The room that I was in #XXX is the air AC condition did not work. We had a portable fan that did not work. The humidity was strong and we request a change and we never got permission not even to have a shower. The air and floor condition were not good. My
The service is excellent.
The service on the TV was very poor.
The service was not good. The waiting was too long. I am very disappointed.
The staff are excellent caring and do a fantastic job.
The staff did good as they can do but sometimes we had to wait and I had to wait 4 days because less staff.
The staff should be leaving their home issues at home and not have their devices on them whilst working. Causes issues with being able to fully put all your attention into your job at hand.
The staff there was really nice and the volunteers were too. The wait time was too long.
The staff was approachable nice and caring.
The staff was great the doctor was amazing. It was a good overall  stay for me.
The staff was very good and accommodating The wait was to long The first visit was better than the 2nd visit I thing maybe I was not as serious as other people The nurses where awesome
The staff went above and beyond.
The staff were all great they did great
The staff were supportive and made me feel comfortable.
The staff were wonderful no issues with the staff however the facility and some equipment was far below par for example I had a bed by the door by the light it was so small you couldn't mover a lot of incidents through the night I had a shattered femur an
The stay is good the main problem is in emerg nurses in ER are very bad and rude.
The stay was great the only negative part was the staff at the initial entrance to the unit wasn't friendly. The staff did well in the later stages.
The stuff are great and useful.
The stuff the extremely busy flue season they are really wonderful.
The supervisor doctor ordered me to take a test and did not explain anything about the test. I asked my daughter about the test. It was for alzheimer's. Then I was told that I might lose my drivers license. I don't understand. I was there for a bowl obstr
The surgeon is my hero he did a good job People at the hospital were really good and I highly rate you in my book I really like the hospital If am to go back will be happy
The surgeon was phenomenal!
The surgery was great nurses are good but the room should be upgraded they are terrible
The team did well meeting my personal needs and I and my family felt welcome here. Overall it was a good experience
The team held up my dignity. Were not condescending. Very high quality staff all around. I felt safe and that I could express myself. The staff were not trying to intimidate me, which allowed me to finally come to terms with the fact I'm schizophrenic.
The team who took care of me was amazing.
The the whole merge staff was excellent and the nurse practitioner XXXXXXXX was super duper.
The time to wait time is too much.
The Triage care was good. They got me on stretcher so I could lay down because they did not have any beds available. The care I got from 6S was amazing! The care in Ambulatory Care was bad. There was no place to put me and they put me there and treated me
The triage visit was extremely long I came in with chest pains and I waited 2 hours to see a triage nurse I have been there 3 weeks prior and was diagnosed with a pulmonary embolism and had to wait
The tv in the rooms.
The volunteer that was there was very sweet.
The wait from arriving from the ambulance to the hospital is un acceptable - they were 4 triage officers who where fired up and we had to wait The ED is not well staff and of all department rents where people are there for an emergency sits very nerve wra
The wait in ED is unbelievable long. With covid going around I felt uncomfortable with the amount of people waiting in ED to be seen. I came in by ambulance because the pain I was experiencing I could not have sat for that long. I do appreciate the care a
The wait in the ER was pretty lengthy and it took about 4 hours of wait before I got to see someone and than I was in a hallway bed for about 13 hours and that was the only disappointment. No complaints on the staff and I received good care.
The wait time before seeing the doctor was very long especially since I came in an ambulance The wait time was just as long as if I walked into emergency.
The wait time in the emergency room is far too long her son was in pain for a long time Nurses and staff did not check on him frequently enough.
The wait time is definitely there is a lot of wait time I was in a lot of pain. The doctors and nurses are doing their work I think there is more money needed to be put in the healthcare system. We need more people in healthcare system.
The wait time is like 9 hours and they have not i'm proved much with the wait time.
The wait time is quite long 5 - 6 hours is quite long. Very grateful that there is a cancer center in Grand River!
The wait time is quite long.
The wait time is ridiculous when they could just tell you what's wrong then and there and for every problem they just tell you to take Tylenol
The wait time is too long.
The wait time was 11:30 to 8:30 in the morning. It was so hard to stay awake. Everything else was pretty good.
The wait time was 4 hours. There was another PT was also wait 4 hours for meet with para medical person
The wait time was pretty long to get in was in the middle of the evening and probably something that could have seen by a nurse practitioner or something but wasn't sure if they had that at the Emergency dept need something for triaging less urgent people
The wait time was rather long for the amount of people that were in there. the staff was good they followed covid guide lines. but due to the wait time Pt is hesitant to go back again.
The wait time was too long.
The wait time was too long. I got to the ER around 8:30 pm and I left there around 6 am the next day. It was very horrible.
The wait time was very long and it felt outdated from the hospitals I have been into.
The wait time was very long and under staffed.
The wait times are long other than that everything was okay.
The wait times are much shorter now.
The wait times are very long and even for a small thing. I know there is problems but it was very noticeable.
The wait times are very long for severe pain. Other than that it was good.
The wait times at emergency are unbelievable at this hospital. XX.
The wait times was super long. People seated very close there could be more barrier about safety. The doctor hardly gave only 2 min and PT waited so long to meet doctor. They should be more safety needed in ER during pandemic.
The wait times was too long. I did not get the appropriate treatment.
The wait times were a bit too long.
The wait times.
The wait was long.
The wait was too long.
The waiting room the monitor wasn't working. There are two waiting rooms my husband was at the other waiting room and he did not know I was out already so he waited extra 2 hours.
The waiting time both for BP test and for the doctor was a long. But understandable it was close to Christmas.
The waiting time is too long but the service was very good.
The waiting time is too long. I was dying of pain and they were seeing normal patients. I was crying in pain and I was thinking that I was going to die that day. After I started crying the nurse attended to me. The waiting time was almost 10.
The waiting time was so long.
The waiting time was to long before I saw someone The place was packed on that but as soon I was seen they fast tracked
The waiting times
The waiting times
The waiting was too long even if you were in so much pain.
The was rude and did not come in my room to diagnose me He waited in the hall way I was in pain He pretty much said go home I think someone should talk with the DR who saw me He was rude He only removed my neck bracelet I felt like he was saying you 65 ye
The was rude and did not come in my room to diagnose me He waited in the hall way I was in pain He pretty much said go home I think someone should talk with the DR who saw me He was rude He only removed my neck bracelet I felt like he was saying you XX ye
The whole stay was excellent. Nurses were great!!!
The whole thing was pointless after waiting for a very long time all I got was an EMT referral and nothing else. I waited for like 5 hours for a piece of paper. Wish there was easier way to speed up this process. The waiting time was not proportionate to 
Their communication to get me into the care was great.
There are 2 questions that are ambiguous. Quality of care in emergency room. Quality of care once you get when you meet the Doctor because the poor thing is running like chicken head cut off. Quality of care is poor while waiting 6 hours to see a doctor. 
There is not enough staff the hospital has been told to reduce their stuff and make the ones very tired and they have not enough time to devote of their time to all patients they are great stuff.
There isn't enough help those poor girls just run off their feet looking after you.
There needs to be an improvement with wait times and triage should improve their assessment.
There needs to be more guidance on breastfeeding. Some nurses are really good but others don't seem to care. For the most part I was not being corrected when we were doing it wrong. The latch position was wrong and I was not being corrected. This lead to 
There seems to be (NO) concern about the context of my life at present when considering how to interpret my thoughts, feelings + choices I was told that I would be discharged XXXX AM As I was waiting for all to be completed, I was getting excited! XXXXXX,
There seems to be almost too many people in the higher up I would like to deal with my doctor then the pain clinic or pain program. I think it is between my doctor and myself when dealing with my pain I do not find the program beneficial.
There should be more information before going into the hospital. I was sent home the first time so should be told when to come in between contractions especially for first time moms.
There should NOT be CO-ED wards There should not be internet access The types of shows should be monitored as themes on television mirror patients delusions There should be NO excuse for no group therapy/activities when we are allowed to WATCH TV ALL DAY 
There was 3 other women in the room 1 elderly lady keep up all night the 2 nights I was there screaming. She would not ring the bell. She soiled herself hours later she gotten change. Another lady got pampered. One nurse ask me if I wanted help to get was
There was a breakdown in communication from when I left the ER to when I went to see the hand surgeon. When I arrived to see the surgeon he was under the impression he was to see the stitches on my hand. There was no information that I needed more to be d
There was a difference between recovery staff who were extremely helpful knowledgeable. The staff on the floor needs team work, mentoring, I'm a registered nurse and the change between the RN and LPN was significant, for example my bed was never changed, 
There was a disconnect between the ER and the hospital where people stay, I think it's called the OR. The nurses weren't shy to share their opinions about other departments. This disconnect affected me because it resulted in a sample of mine sitting on a 
There was a huge backup with regard to people being seen. There were 6 patients waiting with paramedics. This caused a backup. There were so many calls that many ambulances were being sent to other hospitals.
There was a little bit of confusion I was told by the staff my husband could get tested and come back so we could swap but then I was told when he was negative that we weren't allowed to swap. Other than that the stay was great made us feel comfortable an
There was a long wait to get in to see the Doctor. I had a lot of pain but they did not have a lot of beds in emergency so it was a long time before I could get in and have my problem assessed.
There was a lot of confusion I broke my arm The painkillers weren't strong enough. They had only given me T3's but it wasn't strong enough so I had to go the next day to get morphine.
There was a lot of information I had to look into on the internet. It would be better if the staff provided those.
There was a lot of miscommunication The nurse was not updated about how long my stay should be.
There was a lot of people and the waiting time to get the bureaucratic aspect of it done was a bit long.
There was a man across the hall from me must had some mental issues came into my room and pick up my food off my tray. They put up a camera but still it was not a good experience as he could have come in when I was sleeping. He was across the hall and the
There was a man in the room with me. He was very loud singing and yelling. I felt bad for him but he did wake me up They should not be in the room together. Sometimes I cannot express myself. But it was excellent care.
There was a person not wearing the mask and nobody was checking that issue. Overall I had a great experience
There was a wonderful nurse and doctor and I was laying in a bed for too long. It wasn't a life threatening injury but I was lying in the hallway for 2 hours besides that it was wonderful.
There was a young gentlemen at emergency that checked me in I wrote a letter as a recommendation I was Impressed with his mannerism and how polite he was even outside when I went for a smoke he said to be careful it goes quick and then helped people outsi
There was no issue with the Emergency department. I went in and I went for an ultrasound. I then waited 6 hours for my Ultrasound results. That is where the disconnect happened. I don't why it took so long for that to happen.
There was no reason for me to there for so long that they could've done in 20 mins by getting me in and out. Nurse was really good.
There was nobody in the waiting room when I arrived it still took over 3 hours there was 1 thing the doctor was suppose to write me a prescription for and he did not. The doctor misdiagnosed me but that wasn't his fault he only sent the referral out
There was one nurse in the waiting room that made me and others uncomfortable. She was going around saying things like if the vaccine works so well why do we have to keep doing this. She was saying things like this while taking our temperatures.
There was only one nurse in triage and that took really long but once I finally seen the triage nurse they got ball was rolling and things sped up quite a bit but the longest wait was for triage
There was very little support w coping mechanisms, much more focused on meds than actual ways of managing root causes of the issues
There were a couple of people who came in looking for drugs. The nurses and doctors had to waste time seeing them and not give them narcotics. But the doctors were fantastic.
There were delays between the tests and the doctors getting to me. I could have been done in half an hour and I was in there for 5 hours.
There were hours between health care professional checks with me. I also looked after for two patients either not receiving in a format they can't understand. A medical emergency was attended by me. Overall I was so disappointed with the care I received a
There were kids waiting for 5 to 6 hrs and there was nothing for them to do. No toys books etc
There were so good. Very impressive.
There's not enough doctors or nurses in this hospital. There's no focus with quality of care rather than getting through numbers. They're not prioritizing on children who're passing through ER. Also they're not focussing enough on the root of the problems
They are doing an amazing job. I was flabbergasted by how quickly they are doing the job. That was pretty good. No complaints.
They are fantastic.
They are great. I am so grateful for all the people who work there.
They are pretty sufficient with what they do. Been in there when it is busy and that is when waiting times are a lot longer but I see the Nurses and Doctors are running around with their heads cut off. They do there best with what they have.
They are under staff like every other hospital I know of.
They are understaffed and overworked and it really does now. It's a sad situation I think the nurses are top notch and doing the best they can but I can see burnout happening. I was in a quad room and a man came in beside me which I wasn't very happy abou
They are very good
They can use more doctors in the emergency more doctors will make the emergency faster.
They could improve the food and turn up couple degree on the temperature.
They could improved on the food. I can't say anything bad. Everyone took good care of me the Doctors and Nurses were nice. The Hospital needs some updating. Overall it was all good.
They could of given me something for the pain.
They diagnose me with that something that it was not the case I got so much scared but that was not the case when I consult other health professional The waiting time is too much which needs to be improved
They did a good job.
They did a great job by taking good care of me. I had tests done Identified issue and gave me proper medication.
They did a nice quick job When you go in with chest pain in other hospitals in the past I've sat in traige waiting for an hour and this time I was getting my BP and EKG done immediately. I appreciated the care from start to finish.
They did what they could for the people they had. I got 2 bed sores. You use to get wash when you were in bed all time but they never offered a wash cloth or water and finally they gave me a towel but no water and had no energy to do the whole thing mysel
They didn't ask me about my food allergies; and I had some food restrictions but no one asked me anything. At the end of my stay I ordered formula for my baby the nurse told me they couldn't give me formula after I signed to discharge from the hospital; m
They didn't change the bed for the whole 11 days I was there. I had to ask for water They never asked if you needed anything.
They didn't do anything about my problem they just recommended things and nothing helped I still have the problem.
They didn't do nothing for me. I was sick but they didn't do nothing for me.
They didn't give me any detail what to expect the next day. I was burnt all the doctor said was the burn will turn. They did not give me any thing in writing. It was hard for me to remember. My burn turned yellow liquid and I had no idea to expect. I had 
They didn't talk to me for at least 3 hours after my last time. I went to ask what was happening. Nobody said anything to me. I went and asked the nurse. She came back about 10 or 15 minutes later to tell me that everything was fine and that I was dischar
They didn't tell me if my insurance covered that clinic and I don't think it was for the specialist
They discharged me without any care. The nurse said you can go and walked out. Here is your papers you can read them later. They were blank. There was no offer of a wheelchair and I was in no state to walk out of the don't ever want to go back. I waiting 
They finally found out the problem. And they would not give me water.
They forgot to give me the main medicine I needed.
They getting better before they gave me medication on time. The care was great and the wait time was very less in he ED. The care is getting better
They give good service; but the wait time is too long sometimes.
They had phenomenal nurse that was there she would provide her toys activity and crafts. I think she should be acknowledged
They have been fantastic. And just thank you.
They helped a lot They did a good job
They kicked me out of the hospital at 4 in the morning. My blood pressure was 90/60 and I had not eaten in 3 days. Throwing up for 9 hours by that time. The crisis worker that I asked to see I did not see. Don't remember speaking to doctor for the 8 hours
They misdiagnosed me saying there were no fractures but there were fractures on my lower spine clearly showing on the X-Ray. They gave me very strong medication then I don't remember anything.
They moved me to a different room I didn't know where my stuff was It was in a corner It was noisy, the light was in my face and I had a headache trying to rest Trying to talk to the nurse about it I was told they were just to treat me and not to make it 
They need to address issues when the patient needs to lay down and cannot sit
They need to be more transparent for ambulance I was told I wouldn't be charged but I was. Nobody offered paining meds in waiting room Nobody cared or asked anything. More care in waiting room needed.
They neglected to take the IV out of patients arm. Patient ended up going home with it in her arm.
They only let family members visit twice a week for one hour and as a person with very high anxiety my stay was a lot worse than it could have been then it would have been if I had a family member there longer. When my mom was there I didn't have half as 
They prescribed a medication I do not like.
They ran a whole bunch of test and I got good care.
They really do go above and beyond when they can. They are swamped because of Covid. In the past I have bad experiences but not this time. The cleaning seems to be cursory not as clean as years ago.
They really know what they need to do and are really good.
They really looked after me well. Everybody took good care of me. They showed concern and I was happy with everyone there.
They say they do not have options of mixing up rooms but my neighbor was dying with cancer and he wanted to die. It really impacted me. They should have options to move people. It was 4 days and it wore on me that my neighbor was being an idiot. But the r
They should be be more prompt I had to wait for 9 hours I - they should have more drs They was one dr to attend 40 PT and that's ridiculous .
They should decrease the wait times as I waited for 13 hrs for x-ray ultrasound. The communication between night and day shift staff was not good. They were short-staffed. Doctors and nurses were good.
They should hand out an information pamphlet/set of instructions about what to do/expect after breaking a bone. Given the current stress I was very impressed with the care.
They should have done a blood test to confirm my suspicion that I was pregnant but they did not do so and said I was not pregnant at the time. I found out that I was a few days later.
They should improve their food for renal diet they gave diff option and they gave me other food the main centre hemo dialysis have lot of mis communication.
They take care of me pretty good.
They take good care of me good only just the time frame is a long wait.
They told me to get an xray done they didn't tell me I had to wait around. I wasn't prepared to be there for hours after the xray. They only told me to come the next day for an x-ray but didn't tell me that I had to wait for the results and wasn't prepare
They told me to go and to follow up with my family doctor. Since then I wonder if they could have done more tests before I left the hospital. It is complicated because I don't know if the hospital has that available.
They took very good care of me. They were always there very compassionate. I have no complaints. There was a lot of support.
They top of the list. I could not have asked for anything better.
They treat me very well. The question not cover all the the topic
They treatment me very well I rather like to travel Grand River compare to go Guelph Hospital.
They wanted me stay because of the pain level. I had one girl strap to a bed screaming and no one was touching her on one side of me. And the other side another guy strap to the bed. I would not be able to sleep.
They went above and beyond in the care they provided my daughter and always have even when she was there and born at 29 weeks we appreciate them and all the healthcare workers
They were absolutely amazing, especially the nurses.
They were amazing above and beyond.
They were awesome I was through pretty quick.
They were awesome.
They were excellent and I'm happy with the care I received.
They were excellent first grade care.
They were excellent people.
They were excellent.
They were excellent. Did not get a rushed out was impress with that.
They were extremely attentive quick to act. The follow up was great they were phenomenal.
They were good.
They were good.
They were great, thank you so much. 38. I am very logical person, due to the injury I feel I like to travel but can't. Use to be a teacher. I feel that pandemic is out of control. Brother in Germany is sick. Need to go for a few weeks. Thank you so much, 
They were in great spirit in the time of the year.
They were incredible. Nurses and doctors.
They were really exceptional before I left someone gave me a warm blanket exceptional job.
They were very accommodating and the nurses were very caring and they seem to care about the PT and they made me feel very comfortable. They were very educated when providing directions and were very respectful to me.
They were very courteous and prompt. I was surprised with the difference especially after hearing the horror stories about the wait in the hospital.
They were very excellent services and I was very satisfied with with that.
They were very friendly for the 4 hours that I was there
They were very professional at all time.
They were very professional. They found what was wrong with me quickly.
They were very very kind and good.
They weren't the nicest and a little bit slow Was a very long wait
They where pretty effective towards my health care
They're understaffed. They did their best. If they had enough staff it would have been a really good experience all around.
Things could be more confidential.
Things went really well this time
Things went very slowly considering the small number of patients. My family doctor said the ER doctor did not give me all the results from CT scans.
Think it was amazing It was just the waiting time. I was treated right It was just the waiting time until I actually received help It was long.
Think they need more than one Doctor on call. Nurses were good.
This experience was much better than my last experience and the nurses listened better.
This has happened to me many times The food serviced and them addressing the food your getting in relation to your sickness they gave me dairy and high fiber food that went right through me they should have sent a dietician as it took several days for the
This is a useless survey Its the waste of time This is question was so big and ridiculous to set the question.
This time I got in and out in 55 mins This was the first time it happened. I also belive they should have more specialist so that we do not need to go other places.
This visit was ok I had accidental injury it was tolerable The waiting time was to much I waited 6 hours and the last hour when they seen me only last 20- mins
This visit was the best I've ever had. I've had bad experiences in the past. In the past 12 years I've been hurt and been there 3 times a year. XXXX was the  best nurse I've ever had. The doctor on my case who helped me knew exactly what I had as soon as 
Thought everything was good but as far as the therapy in hospital before I left I was not given a good schedule for when they were coming to do my therapy. I know because I was on the weekend and it does make it harder. Should be a schedule even if not to
Thought it was all good.
Three things One excellent medical staff. Two Wait was much too long the wait to see a doctor was very long. Three the waiting room probably needs an upgrade - the space seating and aesthetics of the waiting area.
To all the nurse questioned I responded quite well. At the first the doctor just checked me in and after that nurse came and asked me to leave and they did not explained any thing. They just gave me a pill. And my overall stays was four 4 hrs. I do not kn
To get a budget more doctors on the night shift understand 1 or 2. Getting more would cut down the wait time drastically. Staff was trying their best.
To go faster 10 hours ita a long time
To recognize to nurses Kirsten Milan and all of them including the doctors were amazing during my stay and they treat me very well. Those people were very professional.
To wait 7 days for a surgery is too late to wait.
Too loud.
Too much wait times. I never got any results. They just referred me to another doctor.
Took 4 hours to see the doctor knew what the problem I had a broken arm waiting for a cast. The nurse was not around much except or test and I was by myself for the bulk of that time. Did not like because I had a head injury and I was dizzy. (Putting this
Took a long time to be seen. I had to sit in a hospital wheelchair for 2 hrs.
Took too long.
Top notch.
Training should have to include the movement of heavier patients in order to make their stay more comfortable. I also know that there were problems with water. There could have been more water provided or at least some ice to be able to suck on. Additiona
Trans rights Misogynistic nurses
Treated very very well. They follow up very quickly on the phone to tell me when the next appointment is so I don't have to call.
Treated well however cuts going on by management needs to be addressed to the staff and ask how they feel about it as they make comments. They do their job but there is comments they make about it it does not affect the quality of care I got but I know it
Try to change the waiting time that is stupid it too long.
Try to get faster care.
Trying to think about how to summarize this we already gave some feedback the other route I'm just trying to think what I want to highlight here so a couple of things the hospital doesn't it's not set up to be very breastfeeding friendly when it comes to 
TVs should be turned down at night time so patients can sleep better. My discharge care plan the information regarding activity needs to be more than as tolerated for a general response and when you call back in regards to discharge questions the contact 
Two parts to my hospital stay one is I was officially admitted they took care of me. but in triage from 11am to 4pm the next day I was basically on my own. They are under staffed I was in triage for 18 hours I had contraction the whole time with pain to h
Unhappy with food!!!! DId not eat one full meal. If Tim Horton's wasn't accessible I would die of  starvation. Not allowed to have water pitchers!!!!! One water at a time .
Upon discharge I so I broke my foot and I got a cast and in my discharge notes it said no follow up necessary and I was given different amounts of time to keep it on and I had xrays today by calling my GP and my occupational therapist said I should have h
Upset about the way the staff handled her room situation Was placed with 2 patients she should never have been in a room with due to the level of care they required. Was moved eventually but after threatening to leave.
Usually I have no problem with the triage nurse but this night the triage nurse made me feel inadequate. Made me feel I was looking after my wound incorrectly. He was male.
Validation trauma informed care DBT skills awareness
Very clean Very kind A lot of hospitality Very caring and loving. Very good treatment Excellent.
Very clear that the hospital staff the nurses the staff the doctors were completely lacking in funds
Very efficient.
Very efficient.
Very fast and very polite.
Very good and when I came home there was a wellness program and I am getting physio instruction. It was excellent.
Very good as well as very helpful
Very good care when reached ER they took good care of me and took immediate action. They took xrays and test but then I had to wait in a chair for the results. I had severe pain in my chest and I had to lay down and I was not allowed to lay down. I waited
Very good experience. Everyone was helpful.
Very good I am quite happy with it.
Very good.
Very grateful for the staff/found triage was rather crowded and the breast feeding chair uncomfortable.
Very grateful I had good service ... I had very good experience the doctor and nurses their assistance were very nice I never been in ER before only takes 2 hours for care
Very impressed by the nurses and drs The entire staff and care team/attention they gave given the level of stress the team is under.
Very impressed with nurses I just had one bad experience. Impressed with health care workers they were busy cleaning. The food wasn't bad. Doctors were great.
Very impressed with the ambulance (was her first drive in one)very pleased with the nurses an dr's at Grand River
Very pleasant stay than another hospital I was in. I was a little worried but they took care of the worries. Had a very good stay. The doctors are quite normal They do not make me feel lower than them. Great respect for front line workers.
Very pleased with the visit. Flowed very smoothly
Very polite helpful everybody from the doctors to the floor cleaners
Very poor services in the surgery department I booked a private room and I was moved out of that room at 3 am when I was sleeping. I paid for a private room and they put me in a semi-private room with a man that was the most degrading thing I've ever seen
Very positive experience
Very professional
Very satisfied and impressed with the treatment I got.
Very satisfied good healthcare system and a good visit.
Very satisfied. I was surprised to me because few people suggested home birth because they believe the nurses did not care and the doctors come last minute, but the staff was very supportive, doctors were amazing. They did everything they could. All the n
Very thankful for the help. Because of them I would not be alive.
Very very poor service. They don't care if the patient is dying nurses are too biased. They don't listen to you they tell you we are very busy today. You might have to wait if you go there 4 pm in evening your turn will come 8 in the AM. This is the wait 
Visitation was limited, food was too small of portions and my communication with doctors was very limited at times
Wait time could be less it was something with my eye and every passing hour I'd worry more about my eye
Wait time is a bit ridiculous.
Wait time is too long.
Wait time was far too long.
Wait time was way high.
Wait times really bad. I know it is part of society. But it was Horrible. One person going to blind and I wanted to give him my spot and he did get in there before me but just disappointing he had to wait 3 hours. Nurses and Doctors were great once you go
Waiting does not bothering me I understand. Kids should go first. I was coughing and had burning pain in back and chest and sick and I wanted an xray. Would not give me an xray since I had one 2 days but I asked for one. I wanted one because my husband ha
Waiting time is too long.
Waiting time is too long. I tracked with the nurse and they said they was one DR that night
Waiting time was too long.
Want to share that washroom were not being clean at all the hospital needs a really good cleaning. The flooring that goes up the wall was black the bed pans were really black. Had great nurses and a wonderful student nurse. It was noisy as the lady next t
Wanted to say something about the water I bring in my water it is terrible at all hospitals. Some filter water would be appreciated. There is no effort made to have good quality or good tasting water and it is the same for all the hospitals.
Was excellent care and in a timely fashion
Was fine don't think they could do any better may be couple of things but not of any consequence.
Was much better than before.
Was not that bad I was already treated well and I treated them well.
Was supposed to receive back up services when I left the hospital they were totally useless.
We are very happy with the experience we had there They are really good and we appreciate it.
We had a call at 5 am letting us know her bloodwork was critical and to go to the ED right away. Got to ED did not get called in for 2 hours. It seemed very urgent but we were just sitting and she was deteriorating It was concerning that she was stressed.
We had a good experience.
We had great experience treated us good. Made sure we knew what was going on.
We had nurses that were wonderful and friendly. The only real complaint was that I had a lot of trouble with breastfeeding. At one point we went back to a Lactation consultant and she showed me a lot of things that really helped and that no one told me be
We had really good care. The nurses and doctors were fabulous. We felt very looked after.
We have to wait for the doctor for a long time at the emergency. 4-6 hours is too long. At one time only one doctor was available. Otherwise everything was very very good. The staff were very cooperative with me so I like it and doctors too.
We left without any medication then doctor called after 1 hour and prescribed medicine.
We live in XXXXXXXX. There are only 2 hospitals and XXXXXXXXXXX has a seven hour wait sometimes. I try not to go to the ER unless I really have to. It takes a long time. The people are nice but there is nothing they can do. XXXXXXXXXXX has a lack of resou
We need more doctors and more nurses because there are too many people waiting for care. Expand the hospital or something. Even the waiting room is too small for a huge hospital like that.
We really really positive experience. Enjoyed the nurses and doctors that we saw it was great experience.
We went in for something timely an epidectomy it was 2 to 3 hours before we seen someone I've had this before and was rushed. The triage could have been urgent found out it didn't burst but was uncertain until she was tested she was in pain was going in a
We were fine - had our stiches done; we were satisfied with the service.
We were there for only 1 night
We were transferred from another Emergency department to the Grand River Hospital. We were sent to have her appendix removed. This happened in the middle of the night. I called my husband and told him what was going on. He wanted to come and and see his d
We were very pleased with the level of care and attention we got we really appreciate the child life specialist providing videos toys and help to make her comfortable.
Well for pain - I didn't bother to mention this in my email to Patient Relations but the pain control I was put on a pain pump for not even 24 hours. We were in a co-ed ward and the other person agreed with me that we were doing ok and discontinue the pai
Well I just wanted to say I think your hospital is outstanding.
Well I mean I don't know how much I should share but it was a little disappointing that they were off the mark with my diagnosis. You know I don't work in the field so I don't know how much I should really say I know it's a challenging role that they play
Well I think sometimes gets  really slow waiting for 4 or 5 hours my finger is bleeding and to sit there that long and then see a see Doctor for 10 minutes and then gone. I could have stayed at home but my wife thought I needed stitches but the Doctor did
Well I would certainly give high regards to all the nurses the staff who attended me they were very helpful very decent very polite.
Well it was nice that as soon as I was taken in to a room after waiting in the triage area considering being with a migraine I was in and out as soon as I sat down the doctor was practically already there so for me that was there but it was just the waiti
Well I've been I have quite a few family members in the south of the border so I've been telling them what wonderful hospital experience I've had so I'm it's been good It's been a good experience and I'm feeling great and I'm grateful for the hospital and
Well no it's just quite didn't really remove my pain which I went there for so it was kind of a waste of time.
Well staffed. They are great.
Went in a room and show my health card and then had to go another room and show them my card and tell them the same thing.
Went there for help the doctor was explaining to me what was going on but he was not helping me. I needed blood transfusion my hemoglobin was 68 or 69. The doctor suppose to decide and they sent me home and I had to go back to get the blood transfusion. E
Went to the ER on the advice of my family doctor. The ER doctor was extremely rude.
What I went for which was not physical but mental The Dr was very considerate and explained what I need That was done very quickly and kindly She was a good Dr and it was a good experience
Whatever I want to share I already shared regarding the doctor that she cannot treat me well regarding my second problem Because I came for two reasons One is my knee and one is heart pain She already briefed me regarding the knee problem But for the hear
When I arrived they told me exactly how long I'd have to wait and because I was told it was going to be that long the wait was painless
When I arrived to the emergency department a nurse saw me who had awful bedside manner. She said oh not you again You're not supposed to be here for another 14 weeks. I was vomiting 14 times a day and couldn't keep water down making me dehydrated so my fa
When I came in we went through triage. They saw I was in pain and said they would list me as priority and help m get through faster. I did not happen. I sat for more than an hour before someone finally got me into emergency.
When I came to the childbirth unit they said there was no spare birthing room so I had to wait a very long time. They told me I was at low risk and the physiologist was always busy in the C section. Though I was in a very painful situation I had to wait t
When I come in with chest pain I don't think I should wait outside for long.
When I describe my concern to doctor he googling it everything
When I did leave I was given one of those cheat sheet on things to look out for and directions on what to do if something happens I wanted to clarify I was given extra strength Tylenol so they did not have to explain
When i entered the hospital i had a lot of pain and a nurse helped me quickly gave me the medication and got me into a room. Then they gave me some painkillers And I waited for a long time for scanning and results and for medication. I did not see any doc
When I first got into the hospital & was waiting for a bed, someone (the crisis nurse) handed me medication and told me after I had taken it that it was a different one than what I was told it was.
When I go there in pain they take care of me immediately. I am thankful for everything they did for me.
When I go to hospital I need doctor female because I not feel comfortable with men doctor I ask nurse for female doctor she said yes but she ignored when I said she said where is female doctor she said she is for hair doctor she change her mind. I feel sa
When I was admitted to the emergency to receive chemotherapy I was supposed to go to a room (not general) to get a bed but that did not happen. It was 5 hours before I got the bed.
When I was in ED for severe abdominal pain I was sent home and don't think I should have been sent home. There was no one to run the Ultrasound machine and I could have had appendicitis and it could have burst because at that time they did not know what i
When I was in emerge I had to get a xray and CT scan I'm pregnant and the doctor gave me info on the risks of getting the scans done compared to making sure my health is ok and I was comfortable with my decision to do the scans the xray/CT techs on the ot
When I was in the ER on XXXXXXXX before being admitting to the hospital, the nurse put an IV in the crook of my arm, it did not feel good when it was put in needs more training. The blood came down my arm and on the floor. That cause a blood clot and infe
When I was in the ER room 12.30 at night they kinda told me just to stay there I had to ask them to put bed down and a blanket and pillow that's the only negative.
When I was there everything was awesome. I appreciate the nurse and she did a good job and gave us good information.
When I was there I was trying to explain I needed care mediately. The nurses are brushing people off should be more understanding and more compassion for the sick people
When I was there the nurses were wonderful I understand that some of the nurses are getting laid off and that's so awful.
When I went into the emergency department I was in lots of pain and waiting so long I asked why they said waiting for a bed. I should have been treated quicker instead of waiting for a bed. I also received different subscription from ER doctor and the doc
When I went it it was for separated clavicle I'm still in extreme pain I wasn't given any meds was told to move it and I couldn't they refused to give me any pain meds. I'm scared to back to the Emergency dept at Grand River I was told if I was here for P
When I went next day for the follow up my appointment was at 7 in the morning I did not leave until 12:30 1 o'clock and that was waiting for the doctor to tell me that I was okay and I could go home but other than that the doctors and nurses are polite an
When I went there I had very bad cough. I went to walking clinic because I had COVID symptoms I was there for covid test. It was unpleasant visit and rude nurses and they put me in normal unit where other people have no symptoms of covid.
When medical transport drove me there it took two hours to them to check on me. I was laid on the floor and it was two hours waiting. The waiting time was bad and they were short of staff that day. The nurses were working very hard and they were doing a g
When moved up or 8th floor was in a ward. One Nurse thought she was king of the hill. She was trashing people left and right. At 9pm she said everyone in beds and the lights out. She did not want anyone wandering around. I was reading and everybody snap t
When the hospital staff are communicating with each other they need to watch their tone and language in front of patients. Like their demeanor and like confrontation and stuff.
When the nurse was doing the EKG and I was naked the nurse left the curtain half open and other patients walked by and seen me and it was embarrassing. I had to ask them to close the curtain and I felt very disrespected and violated. I don't think the nur
When they put the cast on my arm They did not lay down a cloth to protect my clothes or leather jacket. My sweater and jacket is ruined. There is plaster all over the jacket. I am not sure if it can be properly cleaned. I was told it would be $100 to repl
When we are discharged we don't have a parking. He just put the car in the main area at that time but because the discharge is too long so sometimes my car is in lobby area so we got $75 ticket There are no parking in hospital so what I can do It is a sec
When we first he had a stroke he was in the emergency then through him out into triage for 5 hours without people looking after him. It is stupidity. The hospital the nurses and everyday was good.
When you get there the first night long had to wait 12 or 13 hours in ED.
Why make people sit for a really long time. I was in there for pain left side. Found out it was a kidney stone did urine test first instead of doing the blood test. Came back and said I was pregnant they should not tell people they are pregnant without a 
Wife pressured of feeling interrogated for being in the hospital It was interesting I park car and ran in and asked for an orderly it started there. I said I think he is having a heart attack then to admitting nurse asking me questions like what do you th
Wish it could have been shorter and faster as once the Doctor saw me I could go within a few minutes. Would be nice not to wait as long.
Wish the doctor discuss the blood work and tell me the details and what tests were done. Like to know more the details. Beside that satisfied with the care. Surprised it was not too long to be attended. Not like other visits.
With the cancer care provided at the hospital they are spot on!
With the covid and all that stuff all the staff did a very good job with only 2- 3 doctors. they did a great job
Worse health care department in the world.
Worst experience with the doctor. I was put in a room nurse eventually came and gave me Tylenol. Triage nurses were amazing. 4 hours later of waiting for a doctor. She did not not take me seriously she more or less said I wasting her time. This visit was 
Would like to know my results as I still do not have them.
XXXXXX last day I was there glad to leave really understaffed that day running around they were really cranky. Lay beside me needed a bed pan she ran the bell but no one came for 10 minutes I went out and told them they said they will be in. I asked if sh
XXXXXX was the worst day ever XXXXXXXX was the best day ever. On XXXXXX there was two doctors and when the shift changed at 7 there was a second doctor. Both doctors asked if i had my appendix i kept telling them that i did not have my appendix they took 
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX sucks and I will never go there again.
Yeah because I don't know who i would have spoken to about this but I was really rushed out at the end and I was left with many unanswered questions because I am currently struggling with finding a family doctor and I was told I would get my CT results an
Yeah I guess if you have a comment section, once we were admitted it was awesome but the ER was awful The wait time was awful and even the surgeon when she had her surgery said the anesthesiologist said the wait time unacceptable for what she came in with
Yeah it took an hour to get into triage and intake and then I sat in a waiting room that had not enough chairs for the humans that needed to sit there for two hours till I was finally given a room and once I was given a room I did not have a pillow or bla
Yeah its everyone was great but it was very apparent they were understaffed and I would just suggest having nurses to check in on patients while they're waiting that would probably be the biggest thing.
Yeah the one thing that left a really sour taste in my mouth the ER doctor gave me a sit down lecture about how one of my medications that I've been on for 10 years was horrible and how I should reevaluate my life choices and I shouldn't be on it but its 
Yeah the problem is not solved I would like to have appointment for solution. I am suffering a lot due to this even today it's okay but I need a permanent solution.
Yes are you ready? Okay so listen dude you gotta write this down because it was horrifying and I'm still bothered by it I'm XX years old and I'm a man and I'm the only one who had mobility and they put me in a room with a bunch of old ladies who were seni
Yes I have to admit and like I said I've been going there to Grand River since XXXX When my first child was born So I've been going there for many many many many years and I have to admit now the food was excellent. Absolutely excellent. The majority of t
Yes I was very impressed with your what do you call it the food services department They actually give a menu that you can choose what you want to eat, and I thought that was an excellent idea because I think there's probably quite a bit less waste becaus
Yes so the nurse who took care of me was very rude and dismissive She would not answer questions and then she threw the hospital gown on the bathroom floor for me to change She also used profane language. The F-word. It was a very bad experience It was tr
Yes the parking situation with the parking lot being not able to take debit and only credit and cash if they could maybe change that to take debit too.
Yes the PT had more to say but was hesitant to say. I have gone way beyond anger into disbelief with our medical system.
You guys were absolutely wonderful my hub was at XXX before XXX The only thing for XXX I had asked to speak to the doc to ask questions that I had and never had the chance to ask them or see the doctor.
You guys you have been solid very helpful very professional
You know whats bad the food. You can't open the packages. You get the cheese in one of those little wrapper things and you can not open those things and some of the lids are so damn hard to peel off. I know the stuff needs to be kept sterile and all that 
You need to add more doctors and have the doctors come way quicker. Its very big hospital and it needs more doctors since you get more than 500 patients day and there are still people waiting in the waiting area. You'll make it way quicker if you had more
You were fine - you were great. I enjoyed my stay - if you can say that. They are nice people.
Add more staff. Otherwise were find. Sometimes there a long line ups need more  doctors and nurses.
Aggravating when it take the nurses so long to come. Did not appreciative these  young nurses coming in and not being able to touch me. I needed help to the  commode. Not allowed to touch me. Why run in and out of the room if they can't  do anything. Buzzing for the nurse I was in serious pain and they are told they  could not touch us. I need help to get to the commode cannot do it on my own. I  was hooked up to the IV could no maneuver to the commodes. One boy almost  pull the IVs out of my arm it was bleeding why was he there for. I do not get it. If  going to put on commode with IV you need help. One nurse said the next nurse  will change the bandage on my arm. She did not change it she stuck gauze on top  of the plastic They needs supervision. Move in the night and twist the tube and  beeping going on don't want to wake people but they do not know what to do  about it. I hate needles and lot of nurses do not how to give a needle. It was hurts  and my arm turns black. Need to learn how to put in vein properly. I was in a lot  of pain I had vascular surgery Keep kids away from me.
All the nurses are excellent
Amount of people going into the ED. I think they handle top priority very well.  They handed it very nicely with me as I had covid and what my next steps were.
Considering the timing during covid. I know how difficult it is for the situation the  hospital 110% packed and everyone is stressed out and they did a great job. Only  negative was the space we were put in. Things that were not positive was not  hospital's fault just what they all have to deal with. Person to Person care from  admission to discharge everyone did their job wonderfully with compassion.
Doctors and nurses were very kind and had good experiences.
Dr XXXXX was amazing my daughter left very content and comfortable with her  experience
Everyone was very friendly
Everyone was very good. They look after me very well I had stay an extra day  Nurses are very nice. Once I had low blood pressure and I fell down they take care  of me very well We get free medical service and so it is very nice and I am grateful  for that.
Everything was excellent nurse doctors and all staff
facility  It was extremely noise specially at night.
For blood donor products not like it handled with blood transfusion. If family  member want to give blood should have equipment to do that. We do not trust  the blood supply. Put down we don't agree with hospital policy to get rid of  nurses and doctors because they do not get vaccinated. That is a black mark on  the hospital they serve them through the pandemic. Surveys going to get worse  because there is already stress and poor care in the department. They need to  respect people choices. We had a fantastic doctor on the floor. Doctors at ER  were great but need to simple take the blood of the donor so the patient feels  secure and safe. There is a history that blood products cannot be trusted.
Full marks for the speed and effectiveness of the admission and how fast I was given tests and care.
going my doctor said I could go home on the XXXX and  the therapy people said that I could go home but  somebody else and I don't know who it was said I couldn't  go home unless I had a walker waiting for me so she had  me call a place to deliver a walker the same day I went  home and I had to pay for it whereas when I came home  the previous time in XXXXXXXX it was supplied to me and  so anyway I had to pay for this walker and then after I  came home nobody could understand why I had to pay for  it so I was very confused but they wouldn't let me go  home unless I paid for this walker and that didn't happen  when I was discharged on XXXXXXXXXXXXX it was  somebody and I don't know who it was it was a young girl  and I don't remember her name but that was the only  issue and since then I had an occupational therapy person  come by and she said she didn't understand why they  wouldn't let me go but I did need a walker but I couldn't  come home unless I paid for it and I can't get my money  back and nobody can tell me why that didn't happen in  XXXXXXXX and it happened in XXXXXXXX and it cost me  $100 to rent this walker and they're like $44 each to buy  and that's the issue and I don't remember the name of the  person she actually called the place for me but they don't  have a contract with the hospital and I asked why they  didn't have me pay for it in XXXXXXXX but they did in  XXXXXXXX. But everyone on the sixth floor was fantastic I  hear XXXXXX is going to be retiring I wish her the absolute  best and I have nothing bad to say about anyone on the  staff except for that person with the walker. Other than  that it was fine I was treated well there was a disturbing
Good
Great experienced. I am grateful that I had it done. Overflow sucked. But happy  to have the surgery done. Not a compliant.
Great nurse. Don't like getting woken up 3 times a night for vital to be taken.
He was not impressed about the fact he was in the hall way for a week when he  seen that beds in rooms were available. Nurses were amazing.
I came in with cardia issue and I was attended to very quickly I was  pleased with that.
I didn't like the way one nurse treated me. Not only was it was it unprofessional  she put sticky gauze over brand new stiches and taking it off was beyond  miserable. Like every stitch I was just pulling it and I had 14 stitches in my arm and  it was pulling at the wound and stitches. She put it on in the hallway; it was so  unprofessional she was like 'oh you need this' - I mean I was like you're the nurse.  She was kinda being like rude in the way she spoke and was not being very  professional. I have a friend in nursing and showed her my arm and she was like  'what the hell why did she do it on like that?' I was I don't know. You think you're  getting professional care.
I felt I was very well taken care of the nurses and doctors were all excellent In the  interactions with me and make the stay very comfortable I had a noisy person in  my room and I understood they were in bad condition and the nurses and doctors  did everything they could for me
I felt sorry for the nurses. I had a miserable experience but the nurses had worst  experience. They did their best I guess.
I felt that the doctor and nurses did a terrific job. If was an iffy operation and they  clearly explained the risks involved. The facility is not the cleaning of the bathroom  is poorly cleaned. The design of the bathroom is poor.
I felt they treated me well.
I had an awesome experience with the nurse attendant she was just great she - is  not a nurse or a doctor but she was awesome
I had an student physical therapy student shadow me for the whole day and he  was very helpful. I will recommend that the procedure should become more  prevalent
I had good experience
I HAVE THE GREATEST ADMIRATION AT THE SERVICES I RECEIVED FROM THEM ALL  THE PEOPLE ARE HARD WORKING I WOULD RECOMMEND ANYONE TO THE  HOSPITAL
I like to commend the staff they were working under trying conditions and very,  very upbeat about it.
I really like the nurse XXXXXX and XXXXX they were very beautiful to me. I  couldn't ask for a better stay everybody is amazing and I want to thank  everyone even with the short of staff. They even had a birthday party for a  patient and it was beautiful
I think it was really good
I think they did an excellent job.
I thought the bathrooms were not nice. I know there was stuff on the floor that  had been there for a while. I use to work there in house keeping and it was never  like that. I am not pointing at any one person. I believe there should be more  people or more time to do it.
I waited too long but I was treated well
I want to thank the first the dr I saw called XXXXX I want to thank him he did a very  good job The 2nd dr was very nice very helpful I have never seen a dr like her I  want to thank both dr and GOD bless them
I was disappointed because I need somebody with me I have PSW  with me all the time I can't even put my coat on. The staff said the  nurse will help you but they didn't. I am not happy about that part.  I know there's COVID but what's the point of getting vaccinated if  you can't have somebody with you.
I was disappointed with the time in merge I am diabetic and I had to wait too long  and had nothing to eat.
I was entirely happy with the nursing staff. My disappointed was with the doctor,  he was not thorough, very curt and brief. Did not conduct the examination he  should have.
I was misdiagnosed. The ER doctor misread my x-ray so I had to get follow up x-  rays to confirm what actually happened.
I was on 4W and 5W. It was a lot different between the two floors. It was like night  and day. I was on the 4th floor for almost a week and the staff were amazing. They  made my stay great. I then was transferred to the same room but on the 5th floor.  There was a lady who came in twice in the three days that I was there to clean. It  was still dirty and the bathroom was disgusting. You could see footprints on the  floor and hand prints on the taps. I went down the hall to use the public  washroom. That was cleaner.
I was really impressed with the whole staff. The building could certainly use  some maintenance or repairs.
I was really impressed. The dr followed up on through out the  weekend.
I was treated very well
I was very disappointed in the accommodation I spent first night on a gurney in emergency with lights on all sorts of hallway traffic was moved to another  emergency room and gurney than I was transferred to the 4th floor to a hospital bed in a hallway with a curtain no bathroom or anything I had to walk about 100 ft to get to the bathroom however I was treated well. I know they  are busy and over crowded
I was very impressed and very pleased and am very thankful to the drs and nurses
I was well served treated and cared for and I hope that  most people who go there will be treat the same and have  no complains
I went in for knee replacement surgery because someone had cancelled - because  of covid people like me were put in our own rooms Everything was good The  explained everything very well They did not not rush thing I was impressed I  would have another procedure if I need one to be done there again Everything  was fine for me It was good experience I had no complains and I would forward  to meet the same people that treated me
I went to emergency room around 11 pm and saw someone around 12 noon for  my son and he is XX. I had to ask 10 times nurses that everyone ahead of me went  home long before XXXXXXX One of the nurses told me we are all doing our jobs  but he is XX he hadn't eaten in 6 days and couldn't move his and was told he had  to wait for myself I was sick with covid in XXXX They took me by ambulance and I  was discharged the next day I was so bad I was laying on the street and had to  drag myself into the cab and it was so bad I had to stay over a month My family  got the virus My wife was on a ventilator for 50 says and had to be transported to  another hospital because she almost passed away. When I was in the room every  one was very best. I am from Sweden and this is the very first time I felt racism  and quite strongly about it another kid was taken right in and I could tell he wasn't  as bad as XXXXXXX the way they were talking to me was not good I had to  explain to them who I was and they treated me like I didn't speak English and  assumed I didn't speak English I felt so bad even XXXXXXX said he felt bad for the  way it was and the way we were treated.
I'm diabetic and after my procedure they didn't feed me. there was lack of  communication there somewhere .
Impressed with the care cleanliness and how well the staff communicated with  one another.
It a great hospital and gave me great care Am very appreciative
It is awesome. I would not have to use it if it was not for my back. I have had  surgeries and it goes out once a year. I knew it was coming on XXXXXX could not  walk on XXXXXXX. If my doctor would give me something to have on hand. Once  it goes out I can have something. Not like I am there every week. My doctor does  not believe it in because of people abusing them I am not there asking every  week. They ruin it for people that actually have problems. Never see family  doctor because I only need her for that. They take an xray see the screws They  give me medicine a week later pain settles down and loses and ready to go again.  The doctors have been good.
It was a good stay and was fine.
It was a very good stay.
It was actually pretty good. The only thing they could have is better meals.
It was excellent the staff was great I was treated very well and I was impressed by  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and the staff are very capable
It was great except for the noise.
it was great i did not have any complains
It was overall a good experience - the food was excellent. Was help with a nurse  since I stay by myself.
It was pretty good. Just the drug addict in my room. I guess they thought I would  be the most tolerable.
It was pretty nice and well taken care of. It was fast service. I got the help I  needed in the time was good. No bad parts.
It's not ever any fun but it was as good as they could have made it. They did a  good job.
Just the waiting was interminable. Yeah just the you know hours  and hours of waiting and being unattended to and having difficulty  getting anyone's attention when I needed a urine bottle Just put  aside and neglected for hours is how I felt.
Just took a little bit too long. That is all. Everything else was good.
My only complaint was the cost of parking.
No Complaints
No Overall I had a positive experience.
No. I find these surveys too much lengthy
Not impressed with the cleaning.
Not really The only thing that I noticed when I went there was in a lot of pain and  the nurses come and talk with me so I don't really have anything to really say  Their treatment was good for me They can treat some people like you are not in  pain and some like they are and I can keep talking about the treatment.
Nurses on the night shift were not attentive at all. Did not check on me at all. I  had a hysterotomy and the night time staff were not great. Nurse in the daytime  was fabulous.
Nurses were short staffed and they covered for each other The equipment sucked  They shared it between floors The nurses bought comes and specialty creme out  of there own pockets It means the world when someone does that in ICU to make  you feel better The doctors in the ER saved my life three times The same doctor  saved my life XXXXX years ago so four times now They could not have been more  wonderful. I am going to volunteer to help as soon as my physio is complete.
Once I had a nurse or a doctor they were very good I think. But the time it took  me to being seen was very poor. Got to the hospital at 330 in the morning. 6  hours to be seen by a doctor. 3 hours to see a nurse. Not blaming the hospital  blaming the government and XXXX. The doctor seen me she was very professional  and helped me. I was there 12 hours and was not offered water or a sandwich.  Should be offered water or juices.
One thing that I have to say is that I experienced was ageism. I am XX years and I  am still working. There were times when someone would come in and say
Only concern is when the doctor came to me after being transferred to XXXXXX  why did they send you here to recover for one day. Don't want to hear that  communication he was the doctor so that is the biggest concern when I hear  statements like that. Hope they get better.
Only in over night. Did not do much. Next day went home.
Only the one thing they should have explained the issue. I had a mole that was  developing rapidly on my face and it was also leaking fluids. And if they had said to  me we will see to this in a month and half time I wouldn't have left. I assumed it  would be in a reasonable time given it was an act of leaking issue on my face.  When I got the call a days later I was really upset. I called my doctor so they could  call someone to be seen sooner. But its only a week before the other one. It  shocked me. I've been draining it and treating it myself. Its dumb
Outstanding. Recommend it to anybody.
Overall it's a quite pleasant experience. I was aware of staff was under stress due  to COVID.
Patient Signed herself out without being seen by a specialist or a dr/Nurse. She  signed herself out after 4 hours of sitting in the waiting room. Triage needs to take  their patients more seriously.
PT would like eirthgn language service
She had a physician assistant. It was a bit longer wait time for the injury she had.  The porter that took us to the x-ray he was very well spoken and very good. He  was excellent and had a great attitude. He did a great job. Parking is horrendous  need to evaluate it. Meters in the front of the hospital were not working so that  made less room. I am health care professional at another hospital.
Should be faster. A long wait time.
Sometimes have choices for the food
Staff was running ragged They were literally running room to room They were so  overwhelmed It was disturbing.
Thanks for everything. Job well done and I am on road to recovery.
That doctor will come late. The nurse a very good.
That first experience with XXXXXX and very pleased with how everything went.  Overall excellent experience.
The care was great Prefer to go there than to my family dr as you resolve the  issues better.
The dr. that was in charge of me she did seem as if wanted to help me out and she  was rude The referral to the specialist they never got it the hospital didn't send so  had to wait for nothing One of the nurses she was also arguing with and I did  appreciate that and she ended up giving it to me it could have been avoided
The emergency department staff I have found to be rude sharing confidential  information without permission with someone who had nothing to do with my  care. I could overhear it as well so if I could so could others. A head nurse said she  was going to eject me from the hospital because I asked how much longer I would  wait as I have to care for my husband and had waited 8 hrs. She said she could  eject me at any time and that she would if I spoke to her again.
The emergency ward when I was admitted I was in excruciating pain and I realize  now there was nothing they could do until they could diagnose me I kept hitting  the button over and over and nobody came not even for reassurance and it was  horrible feeling that alone and nobody checking in The protocol for covid when  having a room with someone one person got the bathroom the other got a  commode which wasn't changed often and the smell was awful
The length of time between the time I saw the doctor and  changes to my conditions were to long I was anxious for  information about my condition and had to wait almost  24 hours It was clear that the nurses and doctors were  extremely busy
The meals supplied for a person that has just came out of being under anaesthetic  and had a tube down their throat shouldn't be meatloaf or anything hard like that  It was a terrible experience.
The nurses and doctors were very good
The nurses are over worked need to hire more and  appreciate the ones they have
The nurses were very kind
The nurses were wonderful. They are overworked and underpaid.
The only concern I had I was told my information would be sent to another dr It  took 2 weeks and I had to ask the other dr if he got my information and he had not  received any information It cause a lot of problems for me though I rectified it.
The only thing the admitted staff could improve their service other than that  everything was very well.
The only two issues I had was I went in with a second stoke I went in by ambulance and I  know they were overwhelmed and it was busy but sitting in the hallway with the  ambulance attendants on the ambulance gurney was a long time it was a long time before  I saw the doctor and I was glad that the attendants were with me but it made me worry  about other people who needed ambulances and the only other thing was when they gave  me the blood thinner shot in my abdomen they didn't tell me what it was for and it was  very painful. My husband was not allowed in until I was officially checked in to the emerge
The person at the front was not very friendly when I walked in.
The room was an old room it did not have TV. I also could not connect to the  WiFi. So it made for some very long days.
The staff is excellent. Very involved in what they are doing and courteous even  when they are extremely busy.
The staff treated my roommate who had detention very meanly.
The staff was excellent. The quality of the bed to lay in there for hours on end.  Something really needs to be done. Also the quality of the food was not good. Hard to get better with the quality of the beds and food.
The stay was good the doctors were great the nurses were great I have no  complaints
The stay was good the ER needs to be more organized With my condition going on  I had to wait a long time about 8 hours just at reception sitting on the bench in  pain just waiting
The worst part about my stay is that I had to spend hours in as lounge chair in  the emergency room waiting for a bed it was cold and too much light you  couldn't sleep. Other than that everything was okay.
There seemed to be some confusion if I could have an x-ray because  I was pregnant. I had to go back and forth a few times as the doctor  did not sign off on whether I was able to get one. It wasted some  time during my visit.
There was no support for social work on the weekends. That is when I was in the  hospital. I can't expect to talk to the nurses because they have a job they need to  do.
They did a very good job.
They need to decrease the wait times or explain why the long wait  times. Also the nurses need to be more courteous and show more  compassion.
They ran out of hand sanitizer there was no hand sanitizer They did not get  communication about my broken legs I did hear from them last 2 weeks when I  got down they said I had to wait for 5 hrs. and half an hr after they closed and not  have surgery till the next day That was the basic problem The other problem was  they got my BP and cholesterol incorrect in the morning of the surgery and he  nurse did not want to listen what I said and the same nurse over medicated me  for pain I was completely out of it. I think it would be great to have washing
They treated me very well
They were very attentive I was a mess I was stressed They were very good the nurses and everyone I was very pleased. I think they need to totally be aware  that the nurses I had were really good and that needs to keep happening and  needs to continue through the whole hospital because it's a terrifying thing. I  know they were short staffed and short handed but I still got good care and  was treated well
They were very considerate and health conscious about COVID. They answered  my questions fully and when I went to get the cardiogram they were proficient  and recognized I was in pain. They then gave me nitro and baby aspirin to help  control the pain right away. They were very professional and competent without  being rude or insensitive.
This is the best hospital in the whole world
Uncomfortable in the ward room not every one wore there mask and was not  vaccinated. Health care professionals should be vaccinated. People are  uncomfortable asking patients to put their mask on or over their nose. When  people leave their bed they should have their mask on and wash their hands.  There was one nurse I struggled with. The rest were really great. But because of  the one number and not wearing masks I really wanted to go home because of it.
Very good care I am very impressed very good quality of care
Very happy with it.
Very positive. Everything went like they said it would. It was good. The healing  process is just like they said. Went really well.
Well when we went to do the COVID test for XXXX because I had done it with him  before I knew some protocols around how to keep him still during the test and it  seems like the doctor hadn't really been trained on how to deliver a COVID test to  a little kid and it turned out fine but if I hadn't done it before it might have been a  bad experience.
When I was heart attacked they had so much miscommunication between their  ambulance and hospital They sent me XXXXXXXXXX and the doctor and all nurse  and all staff was great and caring
When you get admitted you want to be in a room not a chair where everyone can  see you and I was in a chair and it was kind of demoralizing to be told one thing  and than a week later its not true was a bit of a waste of time
Wishes she had received discharge instructions or about the type of home care  needed. Staff was excellent
XXXXXX is one of the nicest hospitals I know they understand.
Yes first of all when its 3 in the morning and your suffering from an  overdose after a spinal tap and syphilis they should not put you  under massively fluorescent lights. How am I supposed to sleep  under that and the alongside that I asked for water finally after the  overdose finally was wearing off and they never gave me water I  had to ask them again so maybe when you're getting paid to help  patients maybe actually help these patients. You're getting paid for  this I was telling them I was a raw vegan and I was telling them that  I was afraid of the medical system. I was trying to treat my own  syphilis and they called the psychiatrist which was very offensive to  me. Not a good experience.
Yes I'm in a wheelchair and it was not very wheelchair accessible for a hospital.  I think that's what made the stay the worst was the accessibility I had to go  from upstairs in my room downstairs to the emergency department to use an  accessible bathroom.
"Never" very satisfied. XXXXXXXXXX
"Nothing" everyone was helpful and very friendly. They entire hospital including people offering drinks etc ... Thank you all.
(1) First visit at XXX after XXXXXXXX - 1 month post op We had not been given a diagnosis We were told we would get it at that first visit - Surgeon would not give it (General Hospital) However the team at XXX did not know this so they had to tell us XXXXXXXXXX XXXXXX followed by hours of info from all providers - Too much all at once Perhaps knowing we had just gotten this terrible news, we could have been offered opportunity to come back in a few days after absorbing this diagnosis Also there is a disconnect between the surgeon and XXX It is wrong to make someone wait 1 month for diagnosis
1) Change the check-out @ the chemo lab for your next appointment. This should be done at a different desk. Right now I have to stand at the check-in line again to get my next appointment and wait another 15 to 20 min for someone to book it. 2) The amount of time booked between the insertion of my take-home IV is too long (1 hr) 30 min. would be long enough as I go over to the dr's clinic and wait for as long as 1 1/2 - 3 hrs to see him (I understand the wait to see him). 3) I think/feel it would really help many patients and their care giver if they had an option of a tour of the facility. This could take place after the first visit in the dr. before treatment begins so they know where they are to go for different things; library, XXXXXXXX, chemo lab, booking next appt, washrooms, how to get to hosp. etc.
1) Telephone messages left with triage/staff aren't always returned promptly. 2) My primary Doctor seems to be away so I'm not always able to visit with 3) His resident doctors are not informative especially a female at my last in office visit. 4) I also left some of your questions blank because they did not apply.
1. Your availability for a mental health worker is laughable XXXXXXXXXX is thoroughly behind the times when it comes to mental health. It's appalling really when you think of us terminal cancer patients go through; I had to go outside and pay for a counsellor. When I complained to the CEO about such, nothing was done. I felt I was appeased, only! Try doing that on a disability pension. Also 2. It is my responsibility as a patient to ask questions if I don't know something. The caregivers can read minds. I am also concerned with the wait time in the lab The lab knows ahead of time (in most cases) when they will be the busiest i.e. when the doctors are there and their busiest days some of us have difficulty just getting to the Cancer Centre but having to sit (or stand) and wait to get our labs done. The lab doesn't seem to be able to access a backup plan when someone calls in sick, etc The wait times for my appointments overall (labs + dr) have decreased significantly over the last year. My doctor has certainly made improvements. We use to plan on being there for three (3) hours to get a 5 min lab work done and 10-15 min doctor visit now for me at least 1 1/2 hours means so much! Let's face it, everyone's time is important but a lot of us have limited time here! Thank you
30. Should be blank. Pt said I understand that many hospital around city have lot of student interns. You need to screen them for professionalism immediately. This bunch were more concern what they were doing on the weekend they talk about what was on tv sex drinking stuff that should be on the orange is new black. They were loud they need professionalism girls talking loud voices it was disgusting. It added dimension of frustration to me as I was trying to deal with my symptoms it was upsetting to my wife getting so angry they were carrying on need these students to learn how to be professional. In comparison The Doctor was very professional. They need to grow up long before coming through those doors. Other visits have been professional but not this one. It was reprehensible I would only recommend it at certain times.
6 years ago, post surgery re when to start radiation therapy. This was @ another hospital.
A better nausea drug. Breast implants would not of had them.
A lot of the information was not given to me at the end as it was a long weekend and the Doctor's were rushing to get out and would leave it with the Nurses. But the second department that dealt with me did not get the information passed along to them and I left without it. They were not in sync with each other.
A second opinion would of been good.
A whole lot but I cannot do it now over the phone sympathy for the nursing staff who are extremely overworked I didn't receive any discharge information No home care was set up for me so that was a big issue for my family XXXX or whoever that is it used to be XXX did not come in and visit with me that was huge because I needed homecare and none was offered and I didn't get any That was a real bad thing that happened there It was a big complain with my family. Yea as I say there was no piece I don't know how they could deal with it There was never a night that was quiet in my room It was totally noisy because people were hollering and yelling I tired to get a private room and I couldn't The lights were on all night and really that's a form of torture to deprive a person of sleep for 8 nights sleep deprivation for 8 nights due to noisy co-patients you can put that. Basically that's enough right there. I strongly object to the question about race You didn't forget it I refused to answer.
Absolutely nothing Best care Best hospital Thanks for all your help
Actually its the best hospital for any child to go to
Admission - when you get admitted the lady wasn't friendly. The nurse was fine but the admission lady was kind of rude.
After 2 surgeries in the recovery room the care was poor. I think patients should have at least a few hours to wake up after the first operation I stayed overnight till 6:30 a.m. second one was only a couple hours, I was dizzy, so I asked for a wheel chair to go to my car, I was told I could walk but I could not. PS After care should be addressed.
After a frustrating week XXXXXXXX was the last place we had to visit because they were finally able to tell us what was wrong with our child. We went to 3 other ERs and 2 walk in clinics in XXXXXXXX. We got so desperate that we went to XXXXXXXX because no one knew what to do. It was amazing??? she was seen within 1 hour and they were able to tell us what was wrong with our child and she was all better within a week or so.
After an initial surgical consult & 3 mth follow up (including repeat mammo & MRI) was done @ XXXXXXXXXX, my case & results was still inconclusive. I felt I had a lack of confidence with the process & outcomes at XXXXXXXXXX. After a 2nd opinion at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (& more diagnostics & repeat biopsy), I was given more options, even though there was no positive result upon deciding to remove the questionable tissue, pathology found a positive cancer, and I returned to XXXXXXXXXX for treatment following surgery (due to geography). The administrative process to get appts booked and commence treatment was extremely frustrating. There were several errors, miscommunications, lag times & poor coordination & communication between specialists. I felt several times 'the right hand didn't know what the left hand was doing.' Once consult & treatment commenced - things went very smoothly. I was very satisfied with the med & radiation oncologists as well as the radiation techs. My follow up appts have gone fine and any calls I make are answered. Hope not too lengthy a note if you made it through!!
After my cancer was diagnosed I had a good experience with my cancer team led by Dr XXXXXXXXX. Very kind and patient. Very pleased under his care. (My concern is that it took 4 hospital visits to finally diagnose my cancer. Basic bloodwork and chest x-rays are a waste of precious time.
After my diagnosis and visit with Dr. XXXXXXX there was a problem with her nurse not returning my phone calls I lost 6 months waiting for response from Dr. X. Luckily that did not make a huge difference in my treatment but it could have been a crucial time for someone else I hope that a system has been put in place to prevent this type of thing from happening I would also like to bring up another issue that I find is lacking at XXX Mental health is something that gets affected during cancer treatment Since my referral to the mental health nurse in XXXXXXXXXX I'm still waiting to hear when my appointment will be having only one mental health nurse at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is not enough Many patients struggle with depression and anxiety I hope that XXX will address this shortcoming soon. I also hope that XXX will have a xxxxx clinic onsite the once/month information sessions is dh but there really should be a clinic that patients can get help regarding lymphedema daily
After surgery care from my XXXX XXXXX y was a very bad experience. Nursing staff needed to take the concerns of the patient advocate seriously.
After surgery the nurse came in and said you didn't tell me you had sugar diabetes. I said I don't and and her daughter said she did not. I have nothing good to say so I better be quiet. I went blind in one eye when I was there and they left a sponge in me and they had to go back and get it.
All and all quite happy with all the service I received. In all my visits with emergency care I find it concerning how foreign people come in and expect to be seen right away.
All are the answers are directed towards my XXXXXXXXX visit not XXXXXXXXXX. I had my CT scan by quarter after 10. I was there for 2 hours to get the scan done then I had to wait almost 4 hours to get my result. I was extremely upset because I had to wait in an area where there was no social distancing. I asked the nurse if I could go home and get the result over the phone but she rejected me. Also another male nurse was so rude to me.
All around I received good service and also I would appreciate if they would had a special doctor whom we could get a second opinion about the care we received. If we had some questions or concerns ... its better to consult the opinions of a second doctor.
All I can say is get the hospital rebuilt. I'm not in favor of health sciences the person that runs it. Not happy with the way he is treating us but the hospital itself is great.
All I can say is originally I wasn't happy with the time that I spent at XXXXXXX until I understood about them caring about the more sick people first and there are a lot of ambulances that go in there. I can honestly say when I've needed there service I receive it and I have no complaints.
All my experiences have been very good there.
All of the doctors and nurses were amazing. I'm so greatful for the health care system we do.
All the nurses treated me with utmost respect, very efficient and did not hesitate in getting me registered and taken into proper care. I have no problems with the service I received in the ER. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to express my gratitude for the way I was treated!
All the nurses were very professional and very kind.
All the patients (me) had to do was reach out & make appointment it was all (unreadable) The hospital was bright & cheery & (unreadable) in spite of the situation!
All the staff at XXXXXXXXXX has been excellent and accommodating (mainly radiation dept) Also, I have met the Cancer Surgeon. - Prior to coming to XXXXXXXXXX, no doctor in XXXXXXXXXXXXXX suggested having a biopsy done. This would have saved 1 surgery for supposed bursitis in XXXXXXXXXXXXXX I also would have been sent to the XXXXXXXXXX Cancer Centre 6 months earlier when my cancer would have been less established + probably easier to treat.
All the staff was amazing with the exception of the one doctor that seemed to be in training.
All undergoing or receiving treatments should first get immunization against (for) XXXXX. I had a bad one on my 2nd XXXXX, so didn't get further XXX. I am still suffering sometimes, extreme pain on my XXXX scars. My immunity went low.
All XXXXXXXX hospitals provide great care.
Although I was told complications could happen I assumed he meant XXXXX XXXXXX XXXXXXX. I did not know he XXXXX XXXXXX XXXXXX. This has caused problems eating, speech, facial problems. No dr in XXX wanted to treat me Finally got a dr in XXXXXX to take on small surgical procedure & botox XXX XXXXX XXXXXX. Dr to knowledge was not taken to lack for what happened. I cannot do anything about it.
Always been a great experience.
Always happy to go to XXXXXXXXXXXX I know I will be well taken care of there. If a problem is more severe they will transfer me to XXXXXXXX without question. I think very highly of the hospital and the doctors. I can't wait for them to redo the hospital.
Am most grateful to all who cared for both treatments here. Dr. XXXXX is excellent.
An earlier detect on system. I complained to the house dr. about angina pain He sent me to the Cardiology, he sent me for a blood test it showed very low blood (unreadable) that sent me to numerous test, 3 months later cancer was confirmed im XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Answers to questions 3, 4, 53 reflect surgical experiences at another hospital #87 refers to concerns during until treatment XXXXXXXXX The treatment I received in the past 6 months was follow-up tests and consultation as part of a XXX year program after my initial diagnosis + treatment (XXXXXXXXX)
Any contact with the XXXXXXXXXX over the past 7 years has been positive & informative. My recent visit was a yearly follow up
Any interaction I had I continuing reflect the importance and the need to have it in our community. It is fragile I certainly hope that every effort will be made to keep the hospital strong and healthy and give it the priority it deserves and the people in the area deserve. Much appreciation for the hospital and the ED department.
Anyone that has a problem with that emerge dept really has a problem. I have never heard anything and about that emerge
Anytime I go there staff is very freindly but the wait time can be long??? I have never had a bad experience. The only thing I can think of that they can improve is the wait time.
Anytime I've been??? they don't diminish the issue ... and they have excellent entertainment for the kids. They go out of their way and it's the little things that make a difference.
As far as hospital stays are concerned everything went very well.
As I have just recently started my treatment for melanoma, I feel I am not in a position to have any opinion about cancer care at this time
As I understand difficulties to provide for so many - many patients. Waiting time (lab work) 1:00 - CHEMO infusion 3:30. Schedules are made up without any consideration for patients other appointments. Regards XXXXXXXXXXX.
As much as I hate going to emergency room. They made it pleasant.
As of now I can't say I would change anything, except the fact that I have had to be treated, that is the only thing that sucks.
As this was my first time (hopefully last) I have nothing but praise for my treatment & care from family dr., Dr. XXXX & his team diagnosed, treatment, surgery all completed in less than XXX months XXXXXXXXXXX is very professional, compassionate & I'm blessed I had their expertise through this -- I will return in XXXXXXX for results of radiation treatments
At night??? only one doctor was there. It was very busy??? waited a long time.
At such time I can see no reason for me to suggest any changes, as the care and treatment I received was exceptional.
At the end??? when they tell you the results??? they walk away??? and you are not sure if you are done. He needed XXXXXX and we ended up waiting for an hour.
At the very end they brought him a Paw Patrol game and some gifts to make him feel special. He was only XXXXX so that was very nice of them.
At this point nothing
At this time I have had only XXXX treatment with XXX more to go. Plus XXXX as required.
Bad care from one dr.
Basically that I sent there by my doctor for urgent care for XXX XXX XXXX and I was looked at like I was a waste of time. I went back a week later because my doctor told me I had to the doctor yelled at me and threw papers at me. It was about 8 hours before I was there for XXXXXX and my family doctor didn't know if I was having XXXXX XXXX. I was left sitting in a cubby for hours. I didn't even get a room. I don't mind if someone wants to contact me about this. I have thought about putting in a complaint against the doctor.
Be careful and don't fall don't drink don't abuse the system. If you are there for a minor thing stay home or go to your doctor. They did very good job and I am really happy.
Be nice to know when you get to the main area. There were multiple waiting rooms.
Because of XXXXX how fast my heart was going I had to wait so long for help. It took 4 or 4.5 hours to be seen and I had to take meds from my own purse to slow my heart down it was not pleasant to wait so long with XXXXXX It is extremely painful and that was my XXXXX XXXXX in the ED. With the heart area they are short on beds. Disappointing having to wait so long you cannot fool around with the heart.
Before I was diagnosed with the XXXXXX I was monitored (XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXX) almost for two years The early and correct diagnosis could safe me from a lot of troubles, I had to face and still facing.
Best maternity ward ever
Best not to tell patient illness terminal unless specifically asked. My care was excellent and I am so grateful! Referral to CAP would be so helpful financially and supportively. Wonderful people
Care for lympho-(unreadable) ongoing would be helpful. Dr. XXXXXX's care & XXXXX (nurse) was excellent! Knowing that ice (unreadable) & slippers would be helpful during chemo to prevent challenges with extremities (fingers & toes). (was addressed by another patient).
Care was fine.
Chemo scheduled time should be at least 30 mins within the time slot. This is never the case. Always behind schedule for some reason Nurses at chemo suites are wonderful, it's the time management of the scheduling team that needs improvement. Waiting for chemo is painful enough. Waiting an hour or two longer is plain torture to the patient
Cleanliness. I was bleeding on the furniture and toilets and they said someone would be along to clean it up. Don't worry. Thought that was kind of gross.
Communication afterwards could have been better.
Considering covid I would give them four thumbs up. Stellar.
Considering my injury it was great. it was fantastic service that day.
Considering the circumstances I was treated very well. XX
Could use a coat of paint brighter more cheerful overall certainly very pleased with that hospital and staff I love it and want it to be there forever have my internationalist there and love it.
COVID 19 sped things right along!!!
Create weekly round table talks with doctors discussing developments in cancer treatment and post as you tubes --> it would be a great hit.
Cure for cancer
Diagnosed XXXXXXXXXX at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. First hospital visit XXXXXXXXXXXX. Radiation planning first radiation treatment XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Didn't understand why they were short staffed A lot of people there needed more emergency than I did so we were sitting there for a length of time Didn't ask if I needed any water or anything Had to to beg to get help to go to the bathroom I understand why nurse was upset being by herself She did eventually take me I had to pee myself then get help not her fault. Doctor was very rude So very rude Every time I asked him something he cut me off Said he was busy. I said to him how am I gonna get home I cant walk All he said was that's not my problem and I'm serious I was on XXXX XXXXX XXXXXXX and am still suffering.
Disappointing that the nurses ignored me unless they needed me for tests??? no blanket??? no water and no pillow.
Doc was phenomenal
Doctor came in in the room I was waiting for him I said after I should be more.
Doctor could not inform me of my stage level of tumor before my treatment started. Nice to know where you're at before you start!
Doctor was informative and to told me how to follow up. Other than that it was a long wait but that is to be expected.
Doctors and nurses were very understanding and good and the doctor phoned me to find out how I would get to the XXXXXXXX to get a chance for a specialist to look at my arm. The hospital is a good one but they do need new buildings. My family and i do support it but they do need new buildings.
Doctors should be more communicative in regards to stage of cancer One doctor told us that the cancer is stage 4 but the other doctor stated stage 2 with this particular case, it does increase the wariness and causes unnecessary anxiety for the patient and family
Doctors should explain more. Take their time.
Doctors, nurses, radiation staff and other care providers were wonderful. I have no complaints with surgery and care. I however was surprised and disappointed at lack of dietary recommendations. Specifically natural/herbal.
Don't close XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. It is amazing. Every time we are there we are treated quickly and very respectful. Really hope it stays open for this area. It would really shut down health care in the community if it did.
Don't get cancer
Dr. XXXX & his nurse XXXXX & went out of their way to make sure I was informed for all my visits & medications Two of the most kind & caring people I have ever met, doing a wonderful job. XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Dr. XXXXX/XXXXXX was the best doctor I have ever had in a hospital. I cant imaging how good the doctor was. He was absolutely amazing.
Dr. XXXXXX and his team have been fantastic in giving time and attention to my concerns and care. I always feel welcome in the clinic by all with whom I have contact. I would have liked to receive more direct information regarding emotional support and counseling available.
Dr. XXXXXXX Dr. XXXXX were both excellent compassionate, honest
Dreadful food They kept saying its not a hotel.
Due to other health issues I was not able to receive any treatment for cancer. I received radiation to help with bleeding and this did help. It was difficult to answer questions because of this. Thank you. Also, wait for first visit was one month - this felt very long.
During 10 days radiation my urinary system XXXXXXXX. Only days after radiation I learned the nephrostomy tubes are permanent. Why this happened, how this happened, and why no one told me before either side effects or tumor could cause this blockage.
During radiation therapy - I rather or preferred same technician do the procedure than different technician
Earlier it was a really really busty night. they were really good about checking in. We were in the hallway. the nature of the injury was fine. Even in the circumstances
Emerge wasn't the greatest but I met some pretty great doctors and specialists so it was a good visit.
Emergency doctor was unbelievable. I was so impressed with her her name is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX she was absolutely amazing. I have blood work done frequently and my doctor advised that my blood work was bad and I had to go to emergency to have a blood culture. When I got there my heart was racing and they had to do several other tests and this doctor was amazing.
Emergency nurses were amazing. But upstairs were quite different. They yelled at patients. Very primadonna attitude. The Doctors were amazing.
Emergency room wait times are far too long!
Especially his case we know its not like his problems are not like normal triage problems and we waste so much time going through that. He is XXXXXXXXX old he XXXX XXXXXXX. The problems he has... he has XXXX XXXXXX XXX and problems and when we explain that to he staff we waste a lot of time going through all the procedures that all the other patients go though. We wait so long then the departments close. If there is something wrong with his XXX XXXX it is only a thing that the XXXX nurse can fix. If we could do that first instead of going through all that it would save everyone's time. We had a problem with his drainage tube and we knew it would have to be taken care of by the radiology department and they made us wait so long that the radiology department closed.
Every person I dealt with were amazing. Dealing with COVID and only showing concern for the patients.
Every time we are impressed with the care we appreciate what they do for the kids. We live in XXXXXXXX and we drive to XXXXXXXXX as they go above and beyond.
Everybody was fantastic. RT's??? doctors??? nurses??? x-ray technicians
Everybody was more than willing to help. Volunteers were courteous and very helpful.
Everybody was very friendly and helpful and I wish they had a better hospital to put all those happy people in and make them happier.
Everybody was wonderful. Just great Had different experiences in our ER and this is the top of the list.
Everyone at XXX has been very helpful Each person seems to know their job and work as a team Very pleased with the timeliness of care.
Everyone I ran into or spoke with was more than willing to help I was treated with respect and dignity.
Everyone was amazing!!
Everyone was incredibly good natured for it being XXXXXXXXX.
Everyone was nice and let me bring my own food because of allergies. Could not have asked for anything better except that I had to have surgery.
Everyone was really good. Only thing walls started to close in on me wanted to get back to my house.
Everyone was very nice and helpful Very impressed
Everyone was wonderful I felt I did not have enough privacy until the curtains were closed I also shared a bathroom and the other girls nurse kept leaving the pee jar on the back of the toilette and she did not flush toilette.
Everything has been perfect (9 years) great! Here's hoping for another nine! XXXXXXXXXXXX (better half)
Everything is great! Sometimes the admitting nurse is cranky.
Everything it went well no complaints.
Everything was excellent and the staff was second to none. They were outstanding.
Everything was excellent.
Everything was fine
Everything was fine just so thankful we have this hospital and these wonderful doctors to help us research is getting better all the time Praise God for that.
Everything was fine. No concerns
Everything was good.
Everything was good. No problems. I understand what they nurses go through and how short staff they are.
Everything was great as per usual.
Everything was great they're wonderful there.
Everything was great when I was brought to the hospital by the ambulance that one time the emergency responders were absolutely phenomenal.
EVerything was great, however it would have been nice if asked about mental state. After all treatment is when it really hits ;you. Everything that I went through. It has taken some time, to get over what if it comes back. This part has been very scary, with no one who could answer. I spoke to my chiropractor about it.
Everything was great.
Everything was great. XXXXXXXXXX makes us feel so welcomed.
Everything was ok great to many hrs wait time.
Everything was okay. It was fine.
Everything was pretty good??? didn't have to wait too long.
Everything was very efficient. It was good care.
Everything was what I expected.
Everything was wonderful
Everything we ever experience at XXXXXXXX is everything we could ask for.
Everything went well staff very courteous and attentive. Except for beds they were not comfortable everything went well.
Everything went well. XX
Excellent
Excellent care so far and expecting the same with upcoming surgery and hospital care.
Excellent emergency care. XXXXX has been to other hospitals and they do not come close to the care that she recives for XXXXXXXXXXX.
Excellent experience. Great staff. If people would stop going to emerg. for colds and flus the emerg. would run more smoothly.
Excellent facility
Excellent service??? have had many visits there for whole family. Would be a shame if community lost hospital.
Explaining what to expect to my body when on treatment.
Extremely compassionate from the moment I arrived, in a considerable amount of pain. The triage nurse took extra care, I felt, to make me as comfortable as possible I can't thank her enough!
Fantastic.
Faster appointments for CT Scan and MRI so you can start faster treatments.
First doctor stated there was something in my EKG that she wanted cardiologist to check before I wsa discharged was asked if I had been told if I had cancer, needed to get my diabetes under control only when I saw my family doctor did I discover EKG was showing the possibility of a heart attack.
First time parent being there. I didn't know what to expect I would have liked to have known that there was going to be a significant wait. I was scared. My daughter just had a seizure. Some assurances would have been welcomed.
Following my surgery I did not receive pain meds and spent a night in agony. Print outs of test results/reports would be helpful in many instances.
Food was not good but everything else was good.
For breast cancer patients - more up front discussion about emotional and grieving related to body image, sexual relationship and changes to marital relationship I found that the hardest after a XXX XXXXX due to my age XX
For me it was the doctor that I found very rude in general. The nurses were amazing but I found that the doctor did not have any empathy compared to the nurses and was very abrupt. Maybe I am a mother who is too concerned? I do not know the name of the doctor.
Found disturbing for patient privacy. Whether they were just really busy after you got pass the first waiting room you go to a 2nd waiting room. Doctors would come in and speak to Patients about personal stuff. Everybody can hear the whole thing. What happen to Patient confidentially?. I had a broken leg and they put a Boot cast on my foot in the waiting room in front of everybody and I was in pain. I mean it was a broken leg which is not bad but if they were talking about my cancer or my autoimmune disease I would not like that. Wow no sense of patient confidentially. Don't think that is good having elderly parents they would not ask questions because everyone sitting there. So there was probably people that did not ask. Other than that the experience it was fine.
From the moment you remove the time XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX no one does not help with XXX XXXXXX For two years, no one asked any question about the disease.
Generally pleased with care, not fully understanding my initial diagnosis after XXXXXX. Only criticism is the nutrition referral - she called + gave me "limited" info re XXXXXX + no dietary advice I think ever patient needs advance advice re XXXXXX + healthy eating. The nurse in XXXXX told my XXXX to go + buy Similac right away This could be part of the 1 hr. in service - very critical Also the consult with the social worker was not very helpful Overall the services for 'comfort' are over the top - blanket, hats, wigs, ensure etc etc Staff on oncology floor are the kindest patient people I've met Thank you to them all as well as Dr XXXXXXXX!
Get dietary info sooner. Learn more about detox after chemo.
Get more doctors to take faster care of patients They should get more doctors in hospitals. The govt should hire more. The doctors nurses do an excellent job but it is not enough and govt should do more for these hospitals. Every time I go i have to wait for 24 hours not just for me but for everyone.
Get more information on dieting and foods to avoid and take.
Get some more staff hired. Where you take care of people more quickly. They're understaffed. They don't have time to be nice to people. Most of these questions do not make sense.
Getting this survey has come a little late, so it would have been nice to get this earlier. I had finished my cancer treatment a year ago.
Good care, very responsible caring team!
Good experience.
Good job.
Grateful for the hospital getting me through this. Staff was good and knowledgeable and looked out for me. I appreciate their understanding. They have financial limitations.
Great care great people and attentive.
Great hospital??? staff was great??? after visits to other hospitals??? they finally got a diagnsosis. Only complaint was that they were moved from room to room to room before seeing someone.
Great visit??? it was quick.
Have a girlfriend come with me to my tx at the centre, as I'm a widow (XXXXXXXXXX, in x16 was XXXX). I also have a special needs daughter who is in college at XXXXXX. But with my breast cancer diag I didn't want her to attend my tx's as she was still in high school and really required a lot of support. I always thought of her first and my spiritual support at my Catholic church and volunteers at BKFT group. My girls always supported me, as well as my siblings in XX as I'm the oldest of 5, all in XX in XXXXXXXX an XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. My classmates in my RN class also supported me. But I never asked anyone to come with me to the centre (I was also still settling my late husbands estate!) x11 yrs! PS I tried to be strong and attended radiation appts by myself.
Have ONE doctor follow you through entire process - Doctors to be freer with information/paperwork from patient's own test results
Have the GP ark for a biopsy as soon as the PSA elevates rather than tracking it then finding out the cancer is aggressive and worse then it should have been. Used the colon cancer doc (unreadable), very good - Set me up with a cancer volunteer that I would discuss things with.
Having a benign dictator overseeing all aspect of treatment. Someone with the medical knowledge to decide who has presence - chemo, radiation or re-construction for example.
Having been to other emergency depts. in bigger cities??? the experience at this ED is amazing amd I feel very thankful to have it here in XXXXXX.
He had quality care and we left feeling confident on how to take care of him. We were happy with the care.
He has been there many times Every time I can only say good things about quality of care. Everyone has been wonderful to us.
He loved the touch screen games in the lobby
He was not treated in a timely manner + his increasing concerns ie. pain were not addressed. When his wife wanted to speak with his dr. her calls were not returned. He had excellent diagnosis + palliative care at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Health teaching - received good health teaching but not enough - eg. not enough of side effects of XXXX meds
Honestly the best care I have ever seen in an Emergency Department. Had many nurses give me solutions to get my wedding rings off they showed concern about my hand swelling. They were wonderful and very nice. The doctors were fantastic.
Hospital it is not that clean lying on the stretcher forever looking at the vent there was so much dust. I was there in XXXXX and everywhere you went it was dirty like an american hospital. It was fine.
Hospital needs updating ... I drove myself to hospital with broken leg and there is no parking to access the emergency. I had to walk with broken leg up a ramp to emergency
Hospitals are always too busy and they are short staffed. Wait times are too busy.
I already sent the other survey back some time ago. I had excellent care from start XXXX XXXX XXX XXXXXXXX from Dr XXXXXXXXXX + all other care including radiation team and the best possible care postop from Dr XXXXXXXXXXX and now no longer need to visit XXXXXXXXXX all clear. Thanks for everything XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I always found XXXXXXXXXXXX to be an excellent place.
I am being treated for essential thrombocytosis. It is a blood disorder for which I take hydroxyurea, a chemo capsule. This treatment has been ongoing for 12 years and I see my hematologist at XXXXXXXX cancer clinic twice a year I don't think this survey applies to me.
I am female and in a ward room with 3 men. The delivery of my personal care was uncomfortable and awkward. I had to request for self care. I know they are busy and there was care but it was matter of fact I needed to ask about washing being the only female in a male room. The surgery I had I felt incredibly vulnerable. Meals were dropped off I had back surgery so on my back could not reach my tray. The nursing staff was phenomenal but there is more need. They need more help so they can help patients not just with physical needs.
I am glad I was close by and lucky in this country and it is sliding downhill. Hospitals are understaffed by nurses. You can take some of your RPNs whatever she was called. you can take her out and put some more nurses in place of her. I had an excellent surgeon. I was looked after by anybody from ambulance patient transfers. I had good advocates my family. There were some out there who had nobody. And the food is crappy.
I am happy with the follow-up care from the hospital in general. I was sent to a surgeon there who refused to take me. I then had to go to my own family doctor and start the process again.
I am in no position to say how to reduce wait times but from my observation the key is to make people comfortable while they wait. I have been to 3 hospitals and in XXXXXXXXXX they have these lazy boys were if your are waiting you can lay back with a blanket and take a nap and have IV going if you need it It would be a huge asset to making people comfortable if they have that in other hospitals
I am lucky to be alive Was expected to die 5 yrs ago therefore no complaints
I am not happy when I go to emerg it's a long wait time and I strongly believe that should be improved upon.
I am thankful for everything, all the staff and doctors. The only thing I could ask is, I wish XXXXXXXXX could make workplaces aware how hard it is when patients deal with cancer. I had more stress and pain dealing with my work XXXXX, than the cancer itself.
I am very happy with the staff and the girls and nurses. It's the goverment that is the issue.
I am very pleased how I was treated. The staff was great.
I am XXXX XXXXXXX and the food that they served me was strict gluten free as if I had celiac. One day they would serve me one meal and then two days later they would serve me the same meal. The sandwiches were terrible. Everything they served me was not very appetizing I lost weight. The way that they do food now is that it comes from XXXXXXXX and it's a steamer process and the food looks nice while the lid is still on it but as soon as you take it off it dries the food out. I had a piece of chicken breast that was hard on the edges. I was not pleased with the food at all. I could have been on a regular diet and just taken a few things out. I think that that's one of the poor qualities of the hospital. I had to get people to bring me food from outside of the hospital. Food is supposed to be nourishment and lift you up but it's never very appetizing and doesn't do that anymore.
I am XXXXX at the hospital. I was thinking I could get help from the er department and it took 6 hours when there were only 4 people. I did not have a good experience.
I appreciate everything XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX does me. And I quietly send them a donation every year. I do appreciate what the doctors have done for me over the years right from me giving birth to my so. They haven't done me any harm but they've done me a lot of good.
I appreciate the care I was given during my emergency dept visit
I appreciated the overall care and promptness I received along with the personal attention.
I ask if people had their shots and some didn't. Why were some of the workers not vaccinated Told the outbreak was because of an employee. And they would not allow my XXXX come into the hospital. Physio both had shots. But in the covid ward suppose to stay apart. But there was a man that would walk around they tell him not too but he still did it. I was uncomfortable with that. They were not monitoring that well. XXXXXX - XXXXXXX - bed change once. Pillows very flat ask for a pillow They said they did not have any so I asked for a towel and never got a towel. Knee problem went in cannot move Physio walk up the hall. When leaving to finish quarantine I could not take ambulance had nobody to come and get me. 4 or 5 steps into the house. My XXXX set up bedroom had to call patient transfer $350 girl had to help me into my house. The walker did come right away. First couple of weeks were difficult. Was told I could have a Kit to measure breathing that goes to the hospital but when I was leaving they said you do not need that. XXXX had a hard time at the front door to bring something in front desk was not helpful getting it to me. XXXX wanted to talk to me doctor so upset my mother got covid in this hospital. When I came home I got nothing from them not a phone call just an ambulance bill. I had XXXXXXXXXX job I have great coverage first admitted I can do semi private we have no room to put you. End of the hall is where the covid room is. No pillows no semi private. Hospital needs work inside old beds wanted to plug in cell phone and that was a chore. No room I had a chair and walker I believe it is outdated. XXXXX I think that is the newer apart. Just very ignored about the situation.
I asked several times XXX XXXXXX be removed, but was told that was not an option, as it was XXXX XXXXXX. I have had several XXX XXXXXXX and was knocked out for the last one, woke up in recovery with no memory of procedure. For my XXXXX and XXXX, I wish I was knocked out, with no memory of procedure. Very overwhelming for each procedure.
I been to other emergency departments. I believe. XXXXXXXXX is excellent. I really like XXXXXXXXX
I believe another cancer clinic should be opened on XXXXXXXXXXXX I know cost is extremely high to do this but cancer needs to be treated quickly and although I had quick appointments I would have like it to be immediately (impossible of course)
I believe I filled out a survey earlier. My treatment was in XXXX but I am still taking anastrozole for my breast cancer.
I believe the doctor should have given me stitches??? and he said there was no need of stitches on XXXX XXXX and now I have XXXXXXXXX . It did heal but when you look at it There's a bump. I think if it had been professionally stitched it would have been better. I'm XXXXXX and realize we do not heal as other people do. Other than that everything was good.
I came in with a XXXX, and I was on XXX. It took 4 hour of sitting in the waiting room, before I saw a doctor.
I came in with XXXXXX. I had XXXX within a few hours and then they put me in a room with a bunch of crazies. I had just had XXXXXXXX Two major surgeries within 5 days and I had to listen to people screaming and one guy XXXXX XXXXXXX XXXXXX
I can appreciate ambulances and their importance; however??? they always get care first and not always are the patients in the ambulance the most in need. I have been to several ERs throughout XXXXXXX and they are always the same. Understaffed and over worked??? with a 3-4 hour wait period. They need to get people in and out a little bit faster. My care up to seeing the dr was about a 4 on a scale of 1-10. Once seeing the doctor it went to an 8-9.
I can honestly say that this may have saved my life.
I cannot think of anything I would want to change The people at XXX have all been just awesome! My responses to questions regarding anxiety or depression are such as I have not made those feelings known
I can't say enough good things about my care at XXXXXXXXXX. The doctor's are the best + most caring + took care of issues right away. Everyone from janitors + receptionists were all so compassionate. The doctors answered any questions thoroughly. The best place to be supported through your journey
I can't think of anything I would change Every single person I dealt with was kind and empathetic I am so grateful for all of them
I choose to go to XXXXXXXXXX because I have always received excellent care??? and treated well. I always leave the emergency department feeling better than when I went in. They have always treated me very very well.
I chose to use complimentary medicine along with my radiation treatment. I found a book at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX "Restored Harmony" which I read. The book mentions the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I did not find any information there. I did my own research. Would have liked to see more open information at the centre.
I contacted covid while in hospital and it could have been prevented. It was a nuisance from transferring between hospitals. They did not tell me that I had covid and my XXXXXX ended up getting it as well. The entrance way and the visitors coming in are not screened enough.
I couldn't walk??? I couldn't get up out of the wheel chair. I asked nurses to help me get to the bathroom??? 3 times??? and gave up. No one came to help me to the bathroom. The wait was atrocious??? no one really came to check on me. It upsets me that this is the kind of health care we have in XXXXXXX. I'd rather wait at home and suffer for 7 hours if all they are going to tell me is I XXXXX XXXXXX
I did not have cancer - used XXXXXXXXXXXXX MRI unit - had radiation treatment in XXXXXXXXXXXXX but not for cancer
I did not have cancer I had radiation for a XXXXXXXX everyone was very good to me. I am still seeing doctors at XXXXXXXXXX
I did not know you could get stitches at a clinic, or I would have done that.
I did not like the double rad treatments everyone was nice + polite Dr XXXXXXXX was great + also XXXXXXXXXXX was very helpful Thanks XXXXXXXXXXXX #
I did send an email to the nurse manager on 6 south and it sums ups all my feelings. The other thing that was important my health care was privileged but I found that they treated other people just as well as they treated me I was very impressed.
I didn't appreciate being put out in the hallway.
I didn't exactly know where my XXXX XXXXXX. Nobody told me that. They showed me the x rays only after when I went to the follow-up visit. Also the hospital is not welcoming. Why are there ambulance drivers and patients laying in stretchers in the emergency room waiting for a long time? There should be another group of people that take care of ambulance patients. It's scary when you walk in and you see people laying in stretchers in the ER not waiting in a separate area. There should be another group hired to care for these people in that dire position.
I didn't have a bad experience but in general I find the wait time is very long. I took my father to emergency and I felt his situation was the worst as he had XXXX XXXXX XXXXXX and was on blood thinner's; however he was not seen quickly.
I do not like the idea of a curtain between men and women. You don't know want them to hear can you change my depends or my butt is sore. I was in bed all the time they did not have time to get us up and your butt gets sore and I had an open sore which eventually healed. Stay in bed all day that was terrible.
I do think cleanliness is a issue int hose places.
I don't go often, I have to say I chose the XXXXXXXXXX site because the care I received was excellent.
I don't have enough knowledge to see if there could be to make the care better
I don't like travelling to emg by ambulance, they are hard to on my poor back. I would like if my family or friends can take me but it's not good to care care you wait too long to get help!
I don't remember how I got there but by the second day I did and I was treated pretty fairly.
I don't think its fair for the ambulance people to be waiting for the patients to be booked in. There's got to be another set up for them to be relieved when they drop off patients.
I don't think there is enough staff. There appeared to be one doctor on and that person could only look after so many people That's why the wait times are so long.
I don't want to have to travel further than that emergency department if I need care the next closest is much further away.
I enjoyed the ER visit they were very good to me.
I feel blessed to have the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in my home town.
I feel blessed to live in Canada!
I feel like everyone is on Autopilot. Never took his health concerns seriously. Entire health care system is falling apart.
I feel like I was ignored. I am a police officer once I was triage I was ignored. It took too long for the people that was in the ER that day. Because I am a police officer I am in and out of the ER a lot. When the doctor say me he had no idea I was a police officer or that I was injured on duty and that is suppose to be reported. Triage nurse did not pass on the information. The nurse in the ER was not approachable and border line rude I felt bias against when suppose to be on the same team.
I feel that the hospital is necessary as we need our own hospital but it's understaffed and is too small. I hope they get the funding and build a bigger hospital.
I feel that there should not have been so many staff members in the green zone that had back injuries because they were on light duty. They should not all be working together as it puts the strain on one person who will eventually get a back injury.
I feel the nurses were run off their feet. They really need more nurses. I didn't need them a lot but I did have to push the buzzer for other patients in the same room.
I feel the staff were more concerned about Covid-19 than anything else. It was panic. It was shocking. One nurse in particular was very vocal to others that I had the virus. She told them they were wrong and then told me that my wife and I had to self-isolate for two weeks. I came in the night before and the doctors were super nice. They addressed my needs and everything was fine until the next morning with this one nurse. You could see the panic in their eyes.
I felt a little uncomfortable with the receptionist. She asked me what my situation was and what had happened and it was kind of hard to explain and I understand it was a very busy time but she said to me you don't have to tell me your life story and kept cutting me off when I was trying to tell them because they asked me. Maybe a little sensitivity training would be beneficial. When you ask somebody what happened they might not always be so quick to explain as everyone else is.
I felt good in the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX but not uptown.
I felt like since I didn't have any dressings to be changed or to be checked on so often I was made to do everything on my own. I was offered no help. I felt that I was unimportant. There was a lack of communication between doctors and myself. I was concerned for my health.
I felt like the doctor was passionate and I was well looked after he made sure he made a specialist apt before I left.
I felt like the doctors once we were admitted, even the one emergency department doctor, I really appreciated how thoroughly she said to me, this time XXXX is not going to leave until we are completely satisfied. That was very reassuring to me.
I felt my clinic diag trial nurse was not fully organized.
I felt that they did the best they could for what was going on at the time.
I felt the nurses that worked in recovery were very negative and we had to hear the nurses bitching and complaining about hospital managers. My overall stay was very good. My health and care in recovery was amazing too. It was a negative environment. And maybe they were just stressed because of COVID and they did say we're not supposed to stay there after surgery. That I felt was not the greatest welcome. Once I got up on the floor it was great. I could hear them complain about the fact that they shouldn't be considered overflow and stuff like that. I felt bad and was one of the people that made them be overflow. But as for interactions they were lovely. But they did a lot of sitting in the middle and bitching and complaining about their workplace which I didn't really appreciate. But when I got to the other floor if you just base it on the care it was perfect. The experience of having to hear them was negative. I felt it was negative energy. I feel bad saying that but that was my experience. I highly recommend the XXXXXXX to anybody.
I felt the staff and everything was really concerned about the issues I was having and overall I would say I had very good nurses and doctor's taking care of me.
I felt they did as much as they could for me. They were very caring.
I felt they had a good idea what was going on.
I find it very nice and when my first wife was sick I waited no time in the waiting room and if it's something very critical they bring you in immediately and I don't complain about waiting because there are people worse off everyone is very good
I found I enjoyed the visit (as much as one can).
I found that the care is definitely there and everyone there is quite concerned with your health. I get immediate care. They are filled with compassion. They go above their call of duty. They are so super. I was very comfortable joking with them. It's like being at home away from home.
I found that they didn't know what it was. I was into the ER and they gave me tests and five diff diagnosis and they sent me to XXXXXXXX for CAT scan and completely missed a cancer cyst on my ovary and gave me a medication for urine infection. Then I was told to go home and come back the next day to get more tests done. So I wasn't feeling well and it was not a very simple procedure for me to get in a car and come back the next day. They don't seem to be well equipped to deal with issues bigger than minor illnesses.
I found that they were very good. Even at the front door entrance the procedures that they went through and everything I thought they were great.
I found the doctor that was looking at me wasn't listening to me.
I found the hospital and staff were excellent. The way you were treated was excellent.
I found the most difficult was the transition from hospital to home. The occupational therapist hand little knowledge and updated information of equipment and resource that might be available to me at home. She handed me a list of service provider's and equipment that was a year out of date which was overwhelming and useless. The nurses were extremely busy but they were always very good to me. The doctor's visits were two or three minutes at a time and they were never able to explain their treatment decisions and the visits were too short to be meaningful.
I found the staff were rushed off their feet and did not really have time to help me the way I thought should have been helped. The bathroom in the emergency department was incredibly filthy and there was no privacy as it was very crowded.
I found they where very blunt about my cancer. I thought they would be a little more positive
I got there Waited an hour just to see the triage. That's a pretty long time. After that I got in almost right away within less than 10 minutes because I said I had XXXX XXXXX . I had a student doctor and she wasn't as experienced I guess and all she wanted to do was a blood test. I felt like more should have been done than that. I'm not sure what a blood test would do. She told me that my blood levels were fine and I told them that I still have pain. They just referred me to a XXXXXXX . It was in XXXXXX and I still haven't gotten a call from them. I told them I was going to just come back in to get follow up but they told me no don't do that. I feel like nothing was done just a blood test and I could have went to a clinic for that. The doctors and nurses were nice but they just didn't know what they were doing. It's just kind of frustrating. I would like for someone to follow up on this it's been months.
I got three parking tickets because a nurse told me to pull and I had to pay them. They wouldn't cover them for me.
I got treated extremely well??? bloody lucky.
I guess it was a busy that night and I was moved form one bed to the hallway. I was left there across from the trauma center and there was a lot going on that night. I am visually impaired and this was very traumatizing and scary for me. I feel that they should have put me somewhere very safe due to my impairment. One nurse came to give me some food and asked how I was doing. I told her I was scared so she initiated that I should be moved from that area as there was a lot going on due to it being XXXXXXXX night. 
I guess they helped me get out as soon as possible so it was good.
I had 2 different surgeons the dr I saw in ED was fantastic explained everything. Another doctor female came to see me before I left she was very kurt almost gave me hell she said like if you take care of yourself you would not be here. Not very nice I know they busy. But still. In the ED one nurse walk by me and said are you in pain and I said yes well you were fine 5 minutes ago. That is the way it was. Pain can come and go. She said it was like she was questioning my sincerity I do not want to be in the hospital. Pain can come around and hit again.
I had a new doctor and she was very professional. She was very young but very nice and she also took the time to get me a pamphlet she promised she would get me. The follow-up doctor was a bit negative which made me feel bad about taking their time but it had XXXXX XXXXX s which was the reason I was sent to XXXXXXXXXX. I have a follow-up in XXXXXXX which I will be going back to XXXXXXXXXX but I feel like I will be wasting there time; however I want to be sure that I go to the place I had the surgery. They gave me an appointment to go for my follow-up but my appointment was changed and no-one had advised me of this; so this doctor took me on so I would not have to come back another time which was very much appreciated.
I had a very bad crush accident. A door fell on my hand. I waited about 25 mins to half an hour to get into triage. They don't even bother to greet you there and the emergency room is dark and sad and disgusting. Eventually I was immediately taken care of and the doctor was looking at my XXXXXX and he told me that I would have a follow up call to go see a plastic surgeon. I didn't get a call the next day and I waited until the following XXXXXX and they didn't call so I called the hospital and they couldn't find my file and couldn't find any record of me ever being there and they said they would get back to me. They didn't get back to me so I called back and she said they weren't sure so they would call back and they didn't call back and so I called again and they told me sorry we found it but it's in records. So I eventually went to the records in the hospital myself. The lady said I know your case ect but she couldn't find my case. And so from there I wasn't sure where to go. I went home and called her and she was still looking for it. I called again the next day and they said oh sorry we found your file and whatever. This had been two weeks I needed to see somebody. The doctor had told me I had XXXX XXXXX and what not so here I am sitting here not seeing anyone with my XXXX XXXXX healing incorrectly. XXXXX XXXXXXX They didn't want to do surgery because of my age. So he finally froze my hand and tried to reset it. He did a pretty good job but its not perfect and not like it should be. So then he made an appointment for me to see the plastic surgeon. He said it wasn't too bad but I started my physio too late so it was healing incorrectly. XXXX XXXXXXX XXXXX. In that emergency room theres the little booth with the glass where you registered. The emergency room is all black. The nurses sit behind there and gossip. They don't even open the window to be courteous or anything. They sit behind that window and pretend that you're not even there.
I had a wonderful experience at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. At this time I can't think of anything significant that I would change except for information related to services available in the community i.e. drivers for appointments/housecleaning services etc
I had a wonderful wonderful visit.
I had a wristband on saying that I was allergic to a drug and they gave me the drug which I was allergic to and I got quite sick.
I had a XXXX XXXXXX and the doctor didn't get it all removed. He didn't do a proper job. Because of this??? I had to be on antiboitics for 2 weeks after that. Skipped Questions- 16??? 29??? 34
I had a XXXX XXXXXXX XXXX and needed the lights off. I didn't know how to access that without bothering anybody??? I didn't know which one was the correct switch. As well my bed needed to be adjusted and I didn't know how to do that. I know the nurses were busy??? but just those little things would have made a world of difference.
I had a XXXXX on XXXXXXXXX (mid-day) and had to leave by 7:00 am the next day. It would have been better not to have to leave so early in the morning.
I had excellent care.
I had excellent care. Skip Questions- 9??? 41
I had fractured pelvis and had to sit on my fractured pelvis for 4 hours asked the nurses and they didn't listen. Then waiting after that. It was not a good experience and had to go somewhere else to get help afterwards.
I had no issue at all since I was in there for a repetitive thing.
I had one absolutely awful nurse and I had a couple who were spectacular (XXXX was one).
I had radiation only due to XXXXXXXX It worked and stopped (unreadable) the want help again I did however get XXXXX XXXXXX can you help with this. It's pretty out of control.
I had radiation treatment in XXXX.
I had suffered from a XXXXXXX that night and was in excruciating pain. (I had a XXXXX once before and was put on the right dose of pain medication in the ambulance already). This time it took the ambulance and hospital almost two hours before they finally had my pain under control, even though my XXXXXX had made them aware that Toradol wasn't helping the last time and they had put me on morphine. I was still throwing up due to the pain after 1.5 hours (after getting toradol, little morphine and gravol). I understand that there are procedures they have to follow, but when a patient is in that much pain for such a long time they should realize they have to do more or something else quickly and not have the patient suffer. One nurse kept me company (which I really appreciated) and tried to get somebody in to help with the pain, but it took too long. The first time I had a XXXXXXXX in XXXX it was handled much better.
I had to wait an extremely long time after the x-ray and once the doctor was putting my cast he did not notice that I had two breaks. He was not giving me his undivided attention. I ended up having to go a different fracture clinic due to lack of response from XXXXXXXX. I couldn't leave any messages to the fracture clinic at XXXXXXXX whatsoever. I felt that as a woman the female staff wasn't interested in me.
I had two different experiences at the hospital. I would rate the Emergency Department a 0 and the staff upstairs a 10. It was entirely different and how I was treated. I went to the hospital because of a bowel issue. When I was in the Emergency Department the doctor gave me a pill to help XXXX XXXX I wasn't told what the pill was for. I could not move to use the washroom. I had a needle in each hand - one was intravenous and the other was an antibiotic for my XXXX XXXX . I was so embarrassed and I felt so bad for the cleaners. There was poop on the wall floor and door. I cried, cried and apologized and apologized. One nurse told other nurses what happened. They had a laugh about it and I cried more. Later I needed help to use the toilet and nobody answered the buzzer or when I yelled. They closed the door left me in the room and I had to sit there for hours with that not being cleaned up. Once I went upstairs I was treated so much better. I don't want to go to that hospital ever again because how I was treated.
I had very good experience at the hospital??? always I have really good experiences there not just this time but everytime I go. Everyone was supper nice and everyone was friendly. No complaints about anything
I have a fear of needles - find a better way to deal with IVs.
I have a port and he was eager to get certified. He was rushing and I was not keen on the way he treated me. I felt like I was his lab rat. On the other hand there was another nurse that was fantastic. He undid what the first nurse did. I ended up seeing 6 doctors while I was there. They were phenomenal.
I have always been a huge fan of this hospital. I would like to commend all doctors and nurses at their hospital. I am bi-polar and have been treated badly at other hospitals but not here!
I have always found in my experience the one and previous visits that have been very good. The reason for their visit over a check to see if I had an a XXXXX as infection from the previous XXXXXX: I went to my primary doctor to get the staples out and he said it didn't look right and sent me to the emergency dept. I can't say enough good things about the entire visit to the emergency dept as well as my stay at the same hospital. I was born with a rare condition which presents itself with problems from time to time and had to go the emergency as well as stays. Thank you and hats off to the doctor's, nurses, and all the staff at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. XXXXX PS Sorry for my hand writing, I hope you can read it.
I have an XXXXX XXXX and at the beginning I had to show the staff what to do but they have become used to the steps required as I am the only person with this in the area with XXXX XXXXX even the ambulance has taken the time to specify my condition to ensure all staff have an idea of what to do. Also most generally I have to be flown to XXXXXX for issues with the XXXXXX which caused some of the questions to be marked no.
I have been treated with skill, kindness and respect since my diagnosis in XXXXXXXXXX. Dr. XXXXXXXX is a wonderful doctor. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I have grieve concern my age and I am long term citizen. I hope an updated and proper staff in our hospital or the health of every one in our area which is 30,000 will be affected. Should have service as efficiently by renewing our local hospital All of us of senior citizens If I do have a stroke or something we would have service in a good time frame due to increase traffic Already so much pressure on the ED I want to be treated in XXXXXXX by a competent staff that has always been there. XXXX to XXXX had finest units going ICU Save a great many people because of the caring and dedication to their job and like to have that return. Support of the community all for the renewing our hospital to make it better for us. The building is pass its prime Updated work keep it minimal so a new system to work for everyone in the area. My age and member of the community all of the same mind. Politics with common sense and interest with all at heart should support it. Hope XXXXXXX will not be disregarded as having needs retirement community We have contributed over the years and are invested and all fairness be properly address. I am prepared to write out cheque. Want to keep up the good work.
I have had a good experience. My care giver was empathetic.
I have never met such wonderful people as all the staff on the ward, nurses, cleaners, therapists, etc. Everyone always had a smile and time to talk a bit each day and Dr XXXXXX is the best along with nurse XXX.
I have no complaints thought they were excellent for me and they looked after me. Really good to me got to the bottom of my problem.
I have nothing but good things to say about the ER I was in the ambulance and on the way within 7-8 minutes a went directly to getting care. I have nothing but good things to say.
I have nothing more to add.
I have some suggestions one is to have curtains in the waiting room because it was XXXX and there was a lady sitting by the window and there was a lot of sunlight coming in and was hot. The sitting area in the waiting was a bit cramped. I had a broken XXXXXX XXXX and it was in cast and i could not elevate it. Also when you come out of the waiting area and you turn left I almost fell because I was in a walking cast and there was no rail and I had never walked in a cast before so I didn't know how to walk in it.
I have spent the last 45 years of my life in the service industry??? given that I obviously have a high standard I expect people to live up to. People have to pay attention to the surroundings??? though you have had a long shift and have dealt with a lot??? you need to still pay attention to the others still there. Nurses deserve a high level of respect for everything they do??? however??? the nurse at the desk was the rudest person I have ever encountered in my hospital experiences. I have spent so much time in hospitals due to my XXXXXX illness??? and this particular young nurse made me want to leave the hospital. And I could have died if I did. I was going to lodge a complaint but I decided not to. If there wasn't such a time difference to get to another hospital??? I would choose differently.
I have to be moved many times. It was very loud some of the patient scream at night and alarm went off at night when they get up I could not rest. There was a lady up at night and sleep during the day to tell us to be quite during the day. Cleaning of the room should be priority. Nobody should be sleeping in the sun room it was cold. nobody should be overflow for more than two days. I has to wait for two days to shower. I have XXXX XXXXX they never fixed it. Stuff were amazing.
I have to be pretty darn sick before I go to emergency and I had good reasons to take those ambulances to emergency those were important issues and the symptoms I had resembled heart attack or stroke AM
I have XXXX XXXXX XXXXX and I had to visit the Emergency Room and the doctors did not give me a cat scan. And thats something that any medical student with my systems would do but they refused.
I honestly don't think I could have gotten better care. I was in PT transport up to XXXXXXXXXXX with very caring transport people and I honestly don't think I could have asked for anything more.
I incredibly appreciate going to XXXXXXXXXXXX Sometimes it is long but they are working hard we value XXXXXXXXXXXX.
I just don't care for XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. There was only three or 4 people ahead of me and I don't think a 6 hour wait was warranted. The doctor was absolute aces??? but the nurse ... as soon as she took me into the room I never saw her again.
I just don't want to have to go back. Emerg is way over worked.
I just felt I could have gotten in faster. Otherwise it was a great experience.
I just felt in general. I ended up having to take antibiotics again. I think if the doctor would have taken time to review my past history I wouldn't of had to take a second prescription. In general felt what was I doing there on XXXXXXXXXXXXX. I have been suffering long enough. The doctor was rude with me as if why am I there on XXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I just find??? for Canada all together??? especially for emerg??? I just feel like it's understaffed. We have great hospitals but they are understaffed and seem to be stressed out??? which I understand. I was discharged??? and there seemed to be some miscommunication. I was still there after 2 hours because the nurses were not sure of if I needed anything else and didn't have orders from doctor to discharge. I felt I got lost in the shuffle??? and felt bad because I was taking up a bed for over 2 hours??? where they could have been seeing another patient.
I just found it to be a very compassionate hospital and as depressing as it is to stay there they always did things to cheer you up. Therefore despite the depressing environment they did a great job at lifting spirits of the patients
I just found that everyone was wonderful and they treated me well
I just found the front desk actually rather??? they were kind of upset that I or another one came into emerg. I am not one to just go to the emergency department so that really offended me. They could really use some polishing up of their spirits tremendously.
I just love that hospital??? they saved my life. it's a good hospital for emergency??? they treat you well.
I just love the staff there they are always nice and I hope they continue.
I just think that with what's going on with the pandemic I think the doctors and nurses are doing a great job. They are under a lot of stress and they're doing a great job. XX
I just wanna say I've been going to many hospitals for plenty of different things in the past years and I've gotten the best care at the general opposed to the other hospitals and so are my relatives. For many years I've had issues with my eyes and have gone to many different healthcare professionals and when I finally went at the general hospital I was properly diagnosed and am now know exactly what works for me after years of searching this hospital has helped me.
I just want to clarify the nurses were fantastic and helpful as they could be based on what they were given. They were over worked and over stressed. They were limited by what they could do. Even in the trauma ward one nurse for five people and it was not enough. I was recovering from 12 hours surgery I was in lots of pain it took nurses five hours to get help she did everything she could. I was only in the hospital 7 days and they sent me home it was not easy. There is a problem in health system. The hospital is fine the food is not edible and it is difficult to get healthy. Nurses are fantastic. I am fluent both English and French however my family does not speak English nobody helped them after I report the issue they said they needed a interpreter but I am sick and I could not help them.
I just want to say thanks to everyone during this pandemic and they did a good job
I know how things work; the most important first. However??? there are other people waiting and it sometimes can take way too long.
I know they were over run with the flu??? but there were people laying on the floor vomiting in bags??? when they are that bad that's not a place to be lying. Also??? didn't see many people wearing masks.
I know when I go there I know that I am going to get help or get my questions answered and they choose what is needed and I trust them.
I know why it took so long because they had a shortage of doctors. As soon as they had more doctors things sped up so that was why I was not upset with the time it took.
I lost my wallet in your hospital
I love the emergency department. They are very careful with me. I did not have to wait too long. I want to send my heart and say I love you. I want to thank them for their kindness and being honest to serve people and how serious they are to save them.
I loved my radiation team! The technicians were the best! Caring, considerate, empathetic, accommodating! They made my experience and what I was going through a positive one. Thank you team! And thank you Dr. XXXXX!
I never get followed up on something else. that was brought up when i was there. no one followed up on it. They said they were gonna tell me about it. No one ever come back to me and explained.
I never got to see a doctor. I was sitting for 35 minutes and finally walked out. That was after I had blood test and went in with XXXXXX
I never had any treatment. They found a bit of cancer in XXX XXXXXX while I was in hospital. They put me on XXXXXXX once a day for the rest of my life. XXXXXXX XXXXXXX The cancer had gone, no more CAT scan I just visit the clinic every six months + we just talk. XXXXXXXXXXXX
I never received a menu and the food was quite atrocious.
I often felt that I was being given too much information and not enough guidance. While I appreciated being included in treatment planning, I am not a doctor and needed a little help working through everything and when in all means.
I only want to say that it was a misdiagnosis. It was a critical one. It was said he was very contagious but that wasn't the case. I went to a specialist to find this out. It caused us great stress. But it is a great hospital.
I pray I never have to go to Emergency again. They are too busy to care & you're left to sit for hours.
I presented with a xxxxxx, (unreadable) from there I was referred to the XXXXXXXXXXXXX at the XXXX (following XXXXXX) they unsuccessfully attempted to drain some fluid off so I was sent to radiology the next day where the fluid was drained using guided ultra sound. I feel I should have been referred directly to XXXXXXX xxxxxxxxx not the XXXXXXXXXXXXX. They should never attempt to drain the fluid in the office. The dr. & residents were not properly trained not equipped. Also -> I had to wait 4 weeks for the CT scan. Totally unacceptable.
I probably would have just had a XXXXXXXX instead of a XXXXXXX XXXXXX I hadn't realized how much I would have to recover from the XXXXXX surgery involved with my procedure and wish the plastic surgeon at XXXXXXXXXX would have informed me more on the recovery. This was an elective part of my care. My entire experience with XXXXXXXXXX for actual cancer treatment was excellent and I have and would recommend them to anyone!
I really felt like they treated me great and really checked me out, they checked me out thoroughly. They even XXXXXX I was still having XXXX and went the next way and they went over everything again, blood work, EKG, all sorts of test. The doctor reviewed it all and got back to me right away. I'm blown away from the health care services I got.
I really felt that my catheter was in longer than needed and it led to some problems.
I really impressed with how clean it was nurses even wiping things down. Really great and they were thorough really pleased with their service.
I received a phone call from the hospital??? and they woke me up. They stated to come into the hospital right away. When I arrived they then made me wait for a good hour before I saw anyone.
I received conflicting information about what was wrong and what was going to happen. My scheduled appointment for an additional scan was lost. So there was kind of some things that happened that were not really great. Things ended up okay afterwards but there was a lot of small mistakes that ended up making everything take longer to get to where I needed to be. The doctor told me I would probably require surgery and then the nurse told me that I would just get painkillers and do rehab and be okay. The doctor told me one thing and maybe the nurse didn't hear it and that was the case. I don't know how they send requests to get additional scans done and so maybe she didn't know so she didn't send it because she didn't think it was necessary. I remember calling trying to get to the other department and when I finally did the lady who was responsible for booking had to dig around to find my information. When she did she found that they did have my request but they just didn't forward it to her. I ended up hopping in the car last minute to get to the hospital to have the scan done. If I hadn't gone to see what was going on I may not have gotten it or it would have taken even longer. I stayed in the hospital for 4 hours waiting. Even though I was sitting there on morphine drip while waiting they didn't send me home with any pain medication and said I would be able to manage it with Tylenol from the drug store. I ended up going to my own physician two days later while I was waiting for information from the hospital and he prescribed me the pain medication to get through the next few weeks. The doctors were great and I could have sworn that the doctor said she was sending me home with a prescription but then the nurse was saying I would be fine and that I wouldn't need surgery or any follow up care. I was sent home not knowing what was going on my request for the scan was not sent out and I didn't get any medication for pain. I did not have the best visit. I had an experience similar over 10 years ago and so I kind of knew what was going to happen. I went back to the hospital for 2 more scans and then ended up having to have surgery so it went completely differently than what the staff had told me. A hospital is a hospital and you're going to go wherever they take you and put you but after that I would maybe tell people to go somewhere else.
I received excellent care at XXXXXXXXXX. It has been since XXXX I have been at XXXXXXXXXX and still go for my checkups. All the physician, and nurses have been very compassionate, caring and helpful
I received my cancer treatment from XXXXXXXXXXX until XXXXXXXXXXXX I only take XXXXXX now. Thank you I go their for following up.
I received survey XXXXXXXXXXX - more than 6 months I am very grateful for all of the care I received last year with positive results. I am looking forward to a cancer free future Many thanks to all of the teams, involved!! XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I received the most excellent treatment from everyone at XXXXXXXXXX. The doctors and other staff are the very best.
I say if they can have more than one doctor in there it would be better.
I seem to have to wait too long and I don't think I got the attention. Basically my reaction started to come back. It was not treated soon enough. That is why I had a lot of discomfort from those symptoms. If they had started IV sooner. And had provided all the treatment it would have start clearing my reaction.
I shouldn't have been looked down upon because I came in after hours because I work. It was the only time I could have gone??? as I cannot leave work at all. Biggest problem is there is no care??? if it gets done??? it gets done??? if it doesn't??? it doesn't. Nurses were gossiping instead of helping people. Very disrespectful.
I think everyone's professional. I think its over crowded and the staff are over worked. It's not very clean. That would be my only negativity. Everyone is talented and professional.
I think I was one of the lucky one as I was diagnosed in late XXX and had an operation by first week now and stated treatments a week later so I felt very cared for and had fast diagnosed, the treatment and healing process I got great care and still do my doctor is awesome!
I think i was treated fairly
I think if doctors don't know what a mark is on her skin I don't think they should be sent home to keep an eye on them. They should figure out what is on the child's skin. Because 2 months later she got them again.
I think it is one of the best hospitals around. Anytime I have been there I have been treated curiously and helpfully. I don't worry when I go there
I think it sucks that you go to one wicket and sit down then you go to another wicket and you sit down then another place. There are too many. Too many hours.
I think it was a pretty routine visit I've been there on more than one occasion.
I think it was great and I think the only reason they didnt go over side effects was because it was Tylenol and thats pretty straight foward and the results weren't gone over well because I dont think they really knew. I think they gave us amazing care.
I think its one of our best hospitals and we received excellent service.
I think overall I got good help.
I think that everything was done professionally, with caring and friendliness. XX
I think that I would like to say if there are services in the hospital that are accessible then pushing it back to the family doctor is not acceptable.
I think that seeing a therapist upon diagnosis and during treatment should be mandatory like seeing a surgeon or oncologist and s/b scheduled appointments
I think that the hospital nurses and doctors are great but the management is poor. The people are great but the system is wrong.
I think the big thing is that I don't live in the area but we drove to XXXXXXXX as we are very confident in their care. The only negative would be the reception isn't always the best.
I think the doctor who was looking after me should have done more testing. I had to wait 5 days to get some results with my family doctor and it could all have been done at the hospital.
I think the emergency should take care more about people when they already know what's going on. In my case it was XXXX XXXXX and they said they don't care and I still had to wait.
I think the hospital could be cleaner. The cot that I was on for many hours was uncomfortable. A nurse was talking on the phone with a doctor. He shouted personal information without any regards for privacy. What made it difficult is there were two XXXXXXXX's sitting beside each other. The other one kept telling the nurse she didn't have that condition. She had no way of knowing the nurse was talking to me. I didn't see them disinfecting their hands when they put their gloves on or when they took them off. They didn't wipe down the cots or the chairs after I was in them. I don't know when the floor was last cleaned. It looked dirty.
I think the nurses and doctors are too busy in the er somehow they don't connect with the patient. they don't show enough concern. somehow for example the other emerge they pre assessed the patient the doctor did and they go through another doctor but its an attitude that the other emerge seems to be warmer towards the people perhaps to me it seems to be religious or perhaps because they receive all the psychiatric people i don't know maybe because they're more compassionate towards people. XX
I think the nurses are number one and they work their butts off. The nurses are fantastic and did a good job. Dr. XXXXX even followed up with me on a XXXXXX before the weekend came along.
I think the service is quicker now with covid
I think they could save the tax dollars and we could just use XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX or XXXXXXX. We've got great facilities all around it.
I think they should have looked into my situation before making the decisions.
I think they're fantastic there.
I think we picked up bed bugs from the waiting room because I didn't have them going in. I was sitting in a chair with my mother at the time.
I think we were a little disappointed with the followup procedures. He was supposed to have an XXXXX at the hospital and then we were told he would have to go to his family doctor. The family doctor??? once seen??? said that's not how it works and that it should have been done in the hospital. We ended up waiting on a list for a XXXXXXXX
I think when I was in crisis in the ED. The nurse who took care of me was extremely compassionate. The only poor experience after my surgery I was left in the bathroom I had too much pain Did not know how long I had to wait Did not know that they left me there It cause extreme anxiety as I was still in the fog after my surgery. I was in the washroom long time. Manage to get out of the bathroom When I tried to call for help no one came either. Then after that my husband arrive and he got a nurse.
I think when you first come in the process has changed??? and you have to wait in ER to be called up. I wish the system was quicker like XXXXXXXXXXXX??? as an observer when you see multiple hospital staff gathered talking??? although they may be on a break it should be done behind a door where the public can't see as it as adds to the level of frustration. XXXXXXXXXXXX will be my last resort if this keeps happening??? and the dr's keep putting children through multiple tests when it isn't needed.
I think XXXXXXX to be a friendly environment and they are concern and keep a good eye on you. They have a good nursing staff.
I think XXXXXXXXXX is phenomenal.
I think your survey is flawed and is not measuring the real issue my interaction with professionals was not the issue. Not one question regarding the system is set up and how it help me. I receive really good care but I don't know if the system is to best serve. They were over stress and over work and I don't put it on them at all. So surveys like this forces me to give a bad rating when it is not the staff's fault but the system not able to complete grey matter in between. You focus of quality of the service that was provided but it is the system that needs to be asks about. It seems like they get a bad rating but it is not the service it the survey does not address the real issues.
I thought being with a new born and being around other kids that are sick maybe prioritizing newborns. I worry about her catching things because she is around other sick children for so long.
I thought everything was excellent.
I thought everything went well. I was treated well. No complaints.
I thought I got really good care and I would go again. Very happy to have the hospital in XXXXXXX.
I thought I was there way too long. I knew I needed stitches and x-rays but I thought 10 hours was too long.
I thought it was really good.
I thought It was very good they were very considerate and I had a very pleasant experience.
I thought my emergency visit was very good. The only thing was it took a long time to get the tests done. Especially to get results back from the blood tests. Otherwise I think my visit was great. I enjoyed everyone there had some fun. I thought it was great and no problems.
I thought the doctor we had in emergency was really good. Our whole family was impressed with him.
I thought the staff was exceptional. Nobody talked to me about how I was going to get home.
I thought they worked very hard and were very efficient.
I told them that I had a XXXXX XXX XXXXXX and they still made me sit for 7 hours in the waiting room. The whole thing with the woman raking me over the coals for XXXXX XXXX She only asked me about those ones out of a long list. They treated me disgustingly. That's not the first time that has happened to me at this hospital. They need to get a grip treat addicts and leave me alone.
I took my XXX to emergency & took my XXXX who watched him for the time he was not feeling good when she was telling doctors about his condition, they did not care to hear from her cause she was not his mother She was with him for 3 days while I XXXXXX She knew more about how he felt & they did not care to listen Found it a bit rude
I travel from XXXXXXXXXXXXX to go to that hospital and I have no faith in the XXXXXXXXXXXXX system.
I trust everyone of those people that treated me that day. Once I was there I was treated with comfort and trust
I understand that sometimes you have to wait a while to get care but it would help if sometimes some came to update you on the wait time. I had the very best care from the doctors and nurses
I very please I was taken care of the whole time I was there. They were concern. Had to go back and I was thankful when I saw the urologist he gave me a medication that took away the next day. Nice guy did a great job I am surprise I did not see him earlier when I was in the hospital. He fix the problem in a couple of hours. Why did not see earlier and I probably would have only stayed one day.
I waited a little long but my service was great.
I want this hospital to clean so you don't get sick. Especially the bathroom want to be clean. Come when we need to go to the bathroom. The food I am diabetic I tell them I can't eat this. I ask for something but they never come back. Gave me fruit with sugar. I don't understand. I ask why they give me this they say I don't know.
I want to mention that the triage nurses are really fantastic. They solved the problem before we were even seen by a doctor.
I want to share that they are amazing and know what they are doing ... well educated and very kind ... kind is number one.
I wanted seven hours to speak to a doctor and he did not seem very interested and was not very gentle with me when talking to me and examining me. He said he was going to refer me to another doctor but he did not give me any paperwork the nurse brought this in. The doctor saw me for five minutes and left.
I was a little confused with which doctor to speak to about medications side effects. I had trouble connecting with the people who left me messages to call back about appointments.
I was actually really pleased. Especially with covid. It was right during that time but everyone seemed extra cautious but was still very welcoming. They would check on them regularly and everyone was really diligent about the masks and hand sanitizer and what not.
I was almost contemplating complaining to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX whoever is in charge of the XXXXXXXXXX site. I went in with a XXXXXX and told them this and this is all they focused on. I asked them to do an x-ray higher on my XXXXX as it was sore and they would not do it. I walked around with a XXXX XXXX for three weeks and ended up having to have surgery as the x-ray should have been completed during this initial emergency department visit. They gave me the wrong size walking boot and there was no excuse for not doing the x-ray it was not that busy but it felt as though they just wanted to get rid of me. I was being polite and respectful to everyone involved even though I was in a tremendous amount of pain but I felt as though they weren't listening to me. I am going to blame this on the doctor he is the one in charge of what should be done and in what area the x-ray technician will only x-ray what he requests. The most personal person in there was the porter that took me to x-ray. I understand that it was XXXXXXXXXXXXX and everyone was working hard but she was the only one that made you feel as though you weren't a burden or a bother.
I was amazed at the patience of the nurses. There were a couple of other patients in there that were very difficult and they dealt with them calmly. It was a difficult situation and they handled it very professionally and did not loose their temper. They even attempted calling around to social worker's to try to find a place for this person to spend they night.
I was bleeding out of my nose and I cracked my skull and my brain was swollen and I was waiting 8 hours for someone to help me and the last time I went in April and I was in terrible pain and I also had a long wait time
I was brought in by ambulance. For a week I had XXXX XXXX XXXXXX XXXXXXX Checked in left in a wheelchair left 6 hours. The time before when I went for the same reason they said XXXX XXXXXX Swab me for covid That was there only concern. After 6 hours my XXXXXX drove to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I was seen immediately and given lots of tests. Brought in specialists to help they keep me comfortable for the weekend and they figure out some of my problems and going to a specialists about the other. It was XXXXXXXXXX that travel from my XXXX XXXXXX
I was confused why I didn't get all of the answers to my questions. When I asked for more information - I didn't get it.
I was disappointed that they hadn't done an EAG .
I was disappointed with XXXXXXXXXXX because they're supposed to be the heart and I ended up going to XXXXXXXXXXXX and stayed in for a week. All they did at XXXXXXXXXXX was tell me I needed more puffers. I think they should have done more for my heart since that's where the issue was. I should have had an xray but I didn't. The doctor just thought it was my asthma but it was XXXXX
I was disappointing in one of the nurses. She ripped out the stretches after she got me out of the bed by the wrong side. She pulled me out of the bed by the wrong side and that's when the damage was done. I had the surgery the morning before and I was back to square one after the incident with the nurse happened.
I was doing a rotation at the hospital and that is where I received the injury. I'm not sure if that played a factor into how soon I received care.
I was extremely disappointed. I was sent home and told that the ultra sound department was closed and would have to return and wait. I was told I was first in line??? and then sent back to emergency to wait again. I had extreme swelling from XXXXXXX it could have been a dangerous situation and I was not handled properly. I don't think it was reasonable or professional on their part. They brought a prisoner in from the jail who got in right away while I sat there for 6 hours. It was kind of demeaning.
I was extremely pleased with this visit and I think the survey captures that.
I was getting prepared for a XXXXX XXXX I was in a lot of physical pain and I couldn't sit for 5 minutes at a time without being in pain. I called the nurse multiple times over and over again and every time they reassured me they were looking for my records. Still no one came to help me. After 45 minutes I had to beg a different nurse to help me into bed. I regret that I do not know the other nurses name. It was absolutely evil what she did to me that person should be dismissed immediately.
I was given medications that I was allergic to. XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXX I was not allowed to have that but was given it anyway in the emergency department.
I was going to have an ultrasound they told me not to eat lunch then later they said so you do not want this I said I do but waiting for ultra sound and they said well they probably are going home by now. I waiting 26 hours to eat I was hungry. The food was boring lack fiber tasteless not much calcium. They gave broccoli but probably heated in the microwave. They did ask for assessment. They did follow that but were short on fresh vegetables. I got a little cup of Fruit we are in the XXXXXXX region there is a pear orchard just a few minutes down the road and I will not eat the ones from China. I refuse to it. Also being kept awake at night one lady yelling and and banging the table.
I was happy with my ER visit. I respect the hospital and the nurses. I fully understand what the nurses go through.
I was happy with the care I got.
I was in a area where cancer patient were. during my stay there was a XXXX who came to the hospital. He was in our room. there was a lot of come and go. the media. the environment was loud. We didn't get any privacy. I asked someone to close our curtain. People were gathering to meet this gentleman. His XXXX came and said I am so sorry that you XXXXX XXXX from cancer. he was taking up the bed that a cancer patient needed. I have XXXXXX XXXXX XXXXXX that gentleman will live another 10 years. the amount of noise was in that room. it could have been taken into account. I feel horrible.
I was in a ward and I found it very noisy and I couldn't get sleep at night. It drove me nuts. It was very very noisy and I couldn't sleep well. That was my biggest complaint there.
I was in a XXXXXX had a surgery done on my back as I XXXX XXXXXX the doc was good at explaining everything some of the nurses were good but there was some bad nurses I kept getting infections the infections are from when they did tests for feces bacteria the I had concerns as some nurses didn't wear gloves when changing my dressing and made me wonder if they washed there hands the last infection I had they didn't say what they were going to give me and they gave me last resort antibiotics they didn't tell me anything about it or the effects. When I was in surgery they cut my $3 000 ring off and now haven't heard anything.
I was in and out pretty quick and we filled the prescription on our way home and did help but I am still in a lot of pain.
I was in and out.
I was just disappointed in the whole care??? I felt they were there for there check and nothing else. Myself being a XXXXX I would never treat anyone that way. I couldn't tell who was a nurse/doctor. I asked several people for something for pain and this one person that finally came said she would order an x-ray. I didn't get anything for pain for 5 hours and when someone finally came in they ignored me. I was sitting on a stool with my head down on the stretcher and I heard someone in the room about 3 hours after I asked for pain medicine but not one could care less if I had pain. No one ever asked if I was ok or said a word to me/offered to get me an actual chair or paid attention when they came to get stuff out of the cupboard. 5 hours later a lady came in and asked if I preferred an IV for pain so they finally gave me something for pain and did an x-ray. I had a XXXX XXXXXX XXXXX and she was going to have a nurse come put something on my arm. The girl came over and said she couldn't find the proper wrapping and brought me a cheese cloth piece of material. She then offered to go look for the proper material??? came back in less than 2 minutes with it. So she just never wanted to go look for one in the first place. I just couldn't believe how poor the care was??? I had to wait hours and not once received anything for pain. I will definitely not go back there.
I was just uncomfortable because of all of these street people coming in off of the street. XXXXXX XXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXX. This other guy came in and he was going on the phone going f this and f that. On the way in people were asking me if I had any money. I know it's common and most hospitals have that and it was just kind of unnerving. I shouldn't think like that though I'm not prejudice or anything. I know it's hard maybe just the security guards could have been a little more strict with them. Everything else was good though. Even the people in the parking garage were so helpful when I fell he was there right away and there was another couple right there and they wheeled me in. It was an experience - a good one at that.
I was left in a cold cold corridor for four hours waiting.
I was lonely and they treated me with no respect. I laid there for hours crying and they didn't help me. I was in so much pain. They put me on the bed and they pushed me so hard I felt my back crack and I said this is not ok and they didn't say anything.
I was misdiagnosed my first visit and given nothing for my symptoms. My second visit I was given a diagnosis XXXXXXX XXXXXX but they were so busy I ended up getting another patients medications. Usually they are great but are slightly overworked at times. Nurses should be given more credit.
I was not feeling well and I had XXXXXXX and no pills and my doctor was not in. I had a prescription before but then the Doctor stop them. So I had to get more I had my kids there and had to get them food as we there 6 hours. Then the doctor told me I will not write anything for you and we do not treat XXXXX XXXXX go to your doctor and I told him he was not open at this time what can I do and I was told we cannot do anything. So now I always try to go to my clinic before 7pm because I am scared to go back to the ED. They should not treat people like that in the ED very disappointed. They should treat it they did not tell me anything they did not check my BP. That was my worst experience in Canada they should be polite and treat with dignity and listen to me. That was so disappointing they could tell me some other way.
I was overly impressed I have been to other healthcare providers and I was very impressed with the service and Drs.
I was quite impressed with the service.
I was quite pleased with the way they conducted themselves I heard nightmares but I thought they were pretty good.
I was quite pleased with XXX cause you hear all these horror stories but it wasn't anything like that for me everything went pretty good
I was quite satisfied. I felt the food wasn't very healthy.
I was really happy with the way they are handling the patients during the pandemic. How they receive you they completely to suit up and still no lack of care. And that speaks volumes about the hospital and the staff. That hospital has amazing staff and don't give up until they get an answer.
I was really impressed during covid they were excellent everybody was really good and it was fast they genuinely seemed to care.
I was really impressed with the care and diagnosis I received. This is the hospital I always go to besides urgent care. It was clean and very organized. The nurses and staff are really patient and COVID precautions were in place which I am very happy about.
I was really pleased with the service I got and in other times I was there I was also pleased.
I was riled up so I take responsibility for my part in it but the nurse did not listen to me she would not let me finish an answer before moving to a new question it can take awhile for me to answer as I have memory issues. I only go to the hospital unless it is very serious.
I was satisfied with everything except that they couldn't do anything for me. XXXXXXXX also told me there is nothing they can do.
I was satisfied with everything.
I was satisfied.
I was sent up there??? they were expecting me??? I was waiting up there over an hour and yet they were expecting me. I sat around for quite a while for someone they were expecting to see for a CT Scan. When I got there the lady said "does this look like urgent care? You will have to go to triage." I shouldn't even have had to sit and wait at triage for the doctor and the CT scan and everything and yet I had to. They should have pushed me through because from what I understand the doctor in Urgent Care told me to go up there and they were expecting me. They could have managed their time and stuff a little bit better. When I first came in and I asked why I have to go to triage the first woman's comment wasn't really necessary but I just let that pass.
I was sitting in pain and watching the doctors and nurses conversing about what happened over the weekend??? while I was sitting in pain. XXXXXXXXXX??? my hats off to them??? not so much XXXXXXXX.
I was suffering XXXX XXXXXX XXXX I have had several trips to XXXXXXXX. Dr. XXXXX has been amazing he explains things in so much more detail then any other urologist has. I cannot express enough gratitude for him The nurses were fantastic. I am an anxious person and don't always verbalize what I feel but they could tell. They were comforting and they took care of me. They said they would and they did. If anything else happens it will be the first hospital I go to.
I was surprised at how fast it was. They got me in and out quickly and treated me extremely nice. I was in to a bed in less than five minutes.
I was taken care of promptly and kept and until the length of time and I wasn't neglected in any way.
I was telling them what basically and first diagnosed I was told to be checked out if something lasted more then 3 days. And the hospital was basically asking why I was there and I stated that it was doing what I had been told when I was diagnosed. I ended up basically telling the Dr that I wasn't leaving without an MRI
I was there at 10. They took me in and I did not get offered a bite or a cup of tea or a piece of fruit. I was starving when I got home. I was so hungry. But I was quite satisfied. I can't say anything else. It was long but I was treated like a good person. The girls working there are excellent. I think they deserve a mention. They are hard workers and they will do what they can and help you when they can. Nurses are busy too. There's always a reason.
I was there for XXXX XXXXX. I felt the doctors should have listened to me a lot sooner as the pain continued and nothing was done to relieve it. I felt they should have done the surgery within the first 2 months instead of waiting until it was an emergency situation.
I was there on the XXXXXXXXXXX had emergency stint put in. So for this visit it was a post procedure discomfort and I can't say enough good things how quickly I was tended how I was informed. Nitro spray given good direction on how to follow up. Other than the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I have always good experience.
I was to be a referred to a specialist clinic and after 10 days i found out that they had misplaced the referral and it had never gone out. I found this out by calling the specialist clinic and they knew nothing of me. So that was my concern it was the medical receptionists. I had a XXXX XXXXXXX and I was to be seen in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in 3 days and I was put on blood thinners and they didn't send the requisition thorough. I truly believe that XXXXXXXXXXXX should have received the money that the community collected to improve the hospital. And I'm extremely upset that XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is not receiving the required funding.
I was to have treatment or go on a study for XXXXXX. I choose not to go in the study. Thank you anyway & I had great meetings & the people were great Thanks again.
I was told I had XXXX XXXX XXXXX, but another dr. said that I did not have prostate cancer. Who is correct? I first had colon cancer in XXXXXXXXX, in under two weeks I had surgery, hospital stay, and returned home. My present cancer was found in XXXXXXXXX and is still ongoing no wonder I am frustrated. I had too many doctors I think.
I was totally comfortable and well looked after. It was the best.
I was treated extremely well. I'm never uncomfortable when I have to go there.
I was treated fairly. It was a very busy night. I went with a very bad cold and I think I was treated fairly.
I was treated very well by nurses and surgeon
I was treated very well Doctors and surgeon the way they repair my leg was phenomenal. They were great.
I was treated with care and respect and I would recommend anyone to go to that hospital.
I was treated with respect. The food sucks but otherwise everything was good.
I was very angry I felt like I should have blood work. I went to 2 other ER again. I have been off work 2 months because I was sick. I just went back yesterday. I was told it was vertigo I have other diagnosis. I was told it was just XXXXX XXXXX XXXXXXX. It was very scary time. I left thinking everything was fine and I left and everything became hell. A lot of things happened that day. I was told to just go home with the medications because it was XXXXX but it it got worse. They treated me very nice but I think more tests should have been done. I was just medicated at the moment for that I had at the moment. I had no feeling in XXXXXX and they did nothing about it. I just thought they should of done more and I was like what the heck.
I was very disapointed about the care I received not just for my son but in general. I've seen blood everywhere??? nurses not wearing gloves. I was very shocked and disappointed. The wait was also very long.
I was very disappointed with the care I got from the one nurse in the ER. I sat there in the waiting room for 3 hours in a fold out chair in pain. I don't have the nurses name but it is the 1st person you see after the waiting room.
I was very happy.
I was very happy. Got what I went for and got well taken care for. Just the waiting but it's normal when you got to the emergency department. Got to talk to a lot of people in emergency got to know a lot of people.
I was very impressed at how quickly they diagnosed the problem and they kept me over night. I thought they gave me very good care.
I was very impressed because it was a welcoming environment and because my daughter was treated very well
I was very impressed with the service.
I was very lucky to be sent the people in hospital was excellent. The food was very good.
I was very pleased with the service I received. I didn't feel rushed and was given the appropriate tests and everything was explained in detail.
I was very satisfied with the service. It was prompt and am very happy with the service.
I was very very happy with the way I was treated.
I was well looked after and if I had to ring the bell they would get there quickly - I had a very good hospital experience
I was well taken care of the resident took care of me and referred me.
I was wrongfully diagnosed. Said I had XXXX Took medication for 2 weeks for XXXX but that was not I had. They said at the ER it was not XXXXX and I was told that we can tell just by the pictures. You need a biopsy to find out...but they disagreed with me. When my family doctor got the results from the ER he didn't agree it was XXXXX and investigated further. What is happening now is I went in yesterday and had another ultrasound and they checked everything. It took close to 45 minutes whereas at the ER it took less than 5. I'm supposed to be flagged every time I come through the door because of what XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX did to me. I had XXXXX XXXXXXXX. Basically XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX never removed the wires or the module that is attached to my XXXX XXXXXX When I asked about this the answer I received was in order to get all these wires we would have to cut open XXXXX XXXXX and it would be a lengthy procedure. If I ever became in unconscious if they went to put me in MRI - I would end up either dead or it would be a big issue that would be ongoing between my lawyer and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and the hospital that did the MRI. For the past 3 or 4 years I've been asking every hospital that I go to I'm allowed to do an on call appointment by phone. It should say with the flag absolutely not to have MRI. I take XXXXXXXX as a pain suppressant. I didn't realize how long it was going to be. I asked them if they had anything they said they had no XXXXXXXX but they could put me on an IV. What the doctor said to me is we don't offer it but we can give you the other drug which will hopefully alleviate your pain. It might take the edge off. I will say that not only did the doctor who was looking after me but the nurses were very on point and were very understanding that I was in severe discomfort. They did the best that they could do to alleviate the pain in XXXXXXX. When I first got to the ER I XXXXXX I would like to thank the nurse that helped me but I have not been able to find out who she was. If the hospitals as a whole took their time to do their job I shouldn't have to go to every department when I got to a hospital and tell them the situation. I would give them 75% grade for what they did but it was still a misdiagnosis.
I wasn't happy with the surgeon I ended up being in there for month they cut the this is what I was told. I had lot problems and still do. I had my surgery I still haven't had my follow up. Not happy with that.
I wasn't pleased with the care that the emergency dept - In my opinion doctors spend too much time at typewriter typing information instead of seeing patients. I paced in front of my door for over an hour and the nurses and doctors typed for that whole time and never saw any patients. Emergency dept treats too many people with minor injuries and they don't have enough time to spend with their patients especially with their senior patients.
I wasn't really happy about my visit I had to go to my family doctor to find out about my condition and she gave me some medication for it. The hospital did help to get the x-rays but did not tell me about the results or give medication to help.
I went because it was XXXXX XXXXXX and the fact that I was sat there for 7 1/2 hours unable to breathe. They didn't take me in until I started XXX XXXX I was having trouble talking I couldn't breathe and normally those are the first patients to get in. I was coughing up a lung and people were staring at me. I was just sitting there not knowing what to do. The doctor never actually told me what was going on. He just said that the nurse would come with a pill and an inhaler. I didn't even know what was going on.
I went in at 5 for XXXXX XXXXXX the doctor I had, he would come in, say nothing and then leave. They were just monitoring me and the doctor said I had to stay until 11 but no one told me why. Then when I would ask the nurses for anything they ignored me and when I asked them how much longer I would be here, she spoke to the doctor and then I felt the doctor got mad for me asking and kept me longer. They never told me why they were monitoring me and what happened and then he just came in and told me to go home, with no explanation. It was the worst experience at a hospital I have ever had, and if I ever see that doctor again I would probably punch him.
I went in being treated for XXXXXXXX and there was no one in the waiting room. I went in with XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. So eventually when I got served I was starting to faint. They just assumed that I had XXXXXX so they treated me for that regardless. The service from the nurses was absolutely horrific. I have never been treated so inhumanely. I sat in urine for hours. I had to pee so bad and I tried to get them to help me but they just let me pee my pants. They had no empathy. It was humiliating. Everyone got a meal except me. About an hour after an hour after everyone was served a nurse came to me with half an egg salad sandwich and said do you want this. I was scared because of the lack of communication between the nurses and doctors. I was so scared I just stayed quite. They were so unhelpful. I was sobbing for days after. I couldn't believe how I was treated at this hospital. I did share that with someone at XXXXXXXXXXX and they said I should have reported that but I just did. It was the worst service I've ever had in my life. They didn't tell me anything. I was still so short of breath when I was leaving and no answers for that. I am so emotional over this.
I went in through the emerg the wait was long. I was in pain and waiting all that time. The Doctor ordered tests that could have been conducted by the nurses and then the dr could have just done the treatment. The cleaning is certainly compromised. No one is cleaning like they used to. Dust bunnies in the corner and bathrooms are not maintained.
I went in with a specific??? sudden medical condition that was not thoroughly addressed before I was released. I was subsequently told by my GP and a specialist that the care I received at the hospital was inadequate. The attending physician should have recognized my symptoms for the condition that it was and treated accordingly. The staff were very??? very nice and accommodating in the treatment that I did receive but it just wasn't ??? they sent me home without a resolution which resulted in a permanent medical condition.
I went to the emergency department on a scheduled day and they had the equipment they needed for the tests. This was arranged by my family doctor.
I went to XXXXXXXXXX with the expectation of faster service.
I went untreated after multiple visits. Although there was pain??? I was sent home??? a week later I needed surgery. Total lack of care.
I wish everything good for this hospital.
I wish half the people the employee would speak English as they don't speak English??? or they don't understand you.
I wish I could have spoken to another female patient before deciding which reconstruction was right for me Another female would have told me into that was important personally but unless you had this experience you would not know
I wish my calls were returned more quickly
I wish the waiting time won't be as long as it is. it is a really dangerous point when people go to hospital you know something could happen if it takes too long.
I wish they would have more staff.
I work at the XXXXXXX so it was an embarrassing situation. It was a very touchy situation I tried to XXXX XXXXXX but the nurses I know were super polite and nice and did not make it awkward. Even now that I am back to work it is not awkward it is great. 20. Should be blank.
I would change nothing My experience at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX & hospital was excellent! The people were experienced, experts in their field & the treatment was beyond compare I felt constantly cared about & fully respected throughout the entire experience.
I would change nothing!
I would have done more research and asked more questions in order to get a clearer picture of what my options were and the pros and cons of each. I should have done this early in the "suspicion" stage but maybe I was afraid I would scare myself. (classic denial).
I would have insisted on an MRI. This would have caught my XXXXX XXXXXX XXXXXXXX XXXXXXX and prevented a XXXXXXXX, full XXXXXXXXX My mental health has suffered and is now impacted because you laid off XXXXXXXXXXXX. She was my lifeline and now due to budget cuts, I will continue to suffer.
I would have liked it if a doctor would have been able to visit me during my ED visit. The doctor did write the prescription but did not visit me. I was very disappointed in that visit which is usually the case green zone. All other departments I've visited I've been completely satisfied.
I would have liked to have known more details about my surgery before it happened. I think I would have made different choices had I known the options in light of the results I now struggle with physically.
I would have liked to know more about how to care for him and what to expect to see as to changes in him All in all - XXXXXXXXXX was good for looking after him
I would have preferred to have my treatment at the same time every day to make transportation to and from my appointment easier to arrange
I would have really appreciated having had my doctors at XXXXXXXXXX, work as a team with a natural path and dietitian but I was told that it was not possible.
I would have XXXXXX and XXXXXXX surgery at the same time.
I would like more focus on nutrition for all health care providers. All health care made more aware of alternative options for methods to combat chemo side effects (fasting studies are available) and to make those suggestions to patients. All health care be willing to work with alternative practitioners i.e. naturopaths, chiropractors, naturopathic nutrition.
I would like to get the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX built and build it fast!
I would like to have been given a chance to view x-ray results and have test results explained to me so I could better understand what was going on. I am dealing with an XXXX XXXXXX person and would like time to talk frankly with the doctor alone.
I would like to say that I appreciated getting quicker care because I XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and used my break to come get care.
I would like to see more food more variety like my country. If you ask my nationality then offer my countries food
I would like to see more social workers at the primary hospital to go to I would like to see the dietician having a bigger role
I would love for XXXXXXXXXXXX to either expand or relocate to be able to provide more doctors on site because the wait time for us is too much??? especially when you see people leaving that had been there over 5 hours and had not been seen. The doctors and nurses and everyone is doing a great job but they aren't able to keep up with demand. Without proper staff to keep up. What we want as my family - we need an expansion of that hospital or a new hospital to be built in that area??? everyone is experiencing the same issue. Not able to keep up with demand and this area is expanding and my family wants to say thank you for the doctors and nurses and staff for being there Thank you again but please try to improve that. Every time an ambulance came they would go before us.
I would not change a thing, I am truly grateful that I am under Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX care. She is indeed a brilliant and a compassionate lung oncologist who goes above and beyond in every interaction. I feel like a family member giving me her warm hugs and it means a lot to me as a cancer patient. Dr. XXXXXXXX is a great asset of XXX!
I would not change anything about my cancer care experience. It was excellent when I was there. The staff was excellent and so were the doctors. Great job!
I would not change anything Every person from Doctors, Nurses, Technicians, Dieticians, and the volunteers were a pleasure to deal with.
I would not change anything I was informed about everything and my operation and treatment went very well
I would not change anything my care was I think the best available for the type of affliction
I would not change anything The nurses at location XXX were extremely kind and helpful to me The weekly visits to Dr. XXXXX were very encouraging
I would not make any changes, can not say enough about the care and ongoing treatment that I have been receiving at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Excellent doctors and care providers.
I would recommend the two surgeons I had
I would say 6 months ago it was very poor the last time it was excellent. My XXXXX had written a complaining and had pointed out few points to be fixed and we were pleasantly surprised by the care this time.
I wouldn't change a thing at XXXXXXXXXXXXX. Everyone from the XXXX drivers to my dr (XXXXXXXXX) treated me in a first-class manner! I have nothing to say but only great things about XXXXXXXXXX, Dr. XXXXX, the staff and volunteers. Thank you. I'm indebted to all! Sincerely XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXX
I wouldn't change a thing. Excellent care!
I wouldn't change anything. I feel very well taken care of by the health team caring for me. The respect and kindness of all had made a negative situation as best as it could be wouldn't want my treatment anywhere else, even if I have to drive an hour for it
I wouldn't change anything. I received excellent care. There was very little wait time from the time I spoke with the doctors till I got the treatment. I was treated so good. Everyone I met there was kind caring and wonderful. Thank you.
I wouldn't wish my worst enemy to go to this hospital. This is the worst hospital in XXXXXXXX.
If I could have had the surgery for my XXXXXXXX cancer at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX when first diagnosed I would still be alive. Waited 2 months for a date and health deteriorated to point of not being strong enough. Changed course to chemo pills. Had every side effect possible had to stop twice. Cancer reappeared 2 more places - XXXXXX from diagnosis - lung to spine to brain - XXXXXXXXXXX 1 week ago.
If I hadn't gone there I'm not sure how things would have gone??? I'm not sure he'd be here today.
If I was sick I would go there again. It was the best experience I have had in any hospital.
If it was with the doctor that I mentioned they were just wonderful to me They were exceptional I had never been in and it was Dr. XXXXXX They were just marvelous explained everything to me and made me feel very easy.
If possible it might be beneficial to not communicate with patients about there personal health care in front of everybody else.
If there are patients that've been there for cancer they know you there and you just had surgery. You can't go to a surgeon. They should forget the triage part and the protocol following triage blood work and so on. The surgical team should have to come and see you automatically that way we could be out of there in less than an hour. A system that bypasses the regular protocol to meet the patients without getting them to pass through the general process instead of expediting their way through to see their doctor or surgeon or intern dr which will save oodles of money nursing care and service. They poke the IV bag and product you don't need to use.
If you got a heart problem you might as well go to the XXXXXXX because that's where you will end up anyhow
If you live in XXXXXXX hit by a car your are dead that is the saying. Takes 45 minutes to get ambulance there. That is aggressive and brutal that they have to come across from XXXXXXXX. It was 7 minutes from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Not fair it is right by 2 schools if they get hurt? Did get meds en route to hospital. I had broken dislocated ankle. That is not right you ask anyone that lives here they say you in the dead zone. Paramedics and staff were great just the wait for the ambulance. The team upstairs and the ED team were amazing.
I'm a nurse too so I believe they do a really good job there. They accommodated me for when my mother was in the hospital and they were also very friendly. XXXXXXXXX was excellent care I have no problem with these ER's.
I'm glad that we have the emergency department??? I appreciate all the staff and everybody there. It would be nice to have a little more convenient service. I wouldn't get rid of the emergency department in XXXXXXX??? I would go there first
I'm immunocompromised and I found it very difficult to find a place to sit or get away from other people. There wasn't anyone really around to help me.
I'm just waiting for the service.
I'm quite happy
I'm very happy with the service.
I'm very pleased with.
In a nutshell its been a long process. I was in XXX XXX when I was in there and I saw a student and my bloodwork didn't show I had had a XXX XXXX . So they said go home and see your cardiologist??? and I ended up having XXX XXXXX. The overall experience was very shocking quite honestly.
In general I felt they treated me ok.
In general they are short staff??? and under educated where no one knew how to do a pick line.
In the hospital I was in there was one nurse and she was viscous when she was trying to discharge people and showed no mercy It bothered me but everyone else seemed to work around it and knew she was an older nurse but every other staff was so good to me except that one rotten apple her first name was XXXX she was XXXXXX descent
In XXXX & XXX of XXXX I received radiation therapy at your hospital for breast cancer & had no complaints at all about any of the CNA or the way I was treated by the dr. off. EVERYONE WAS wonderful. Since then I have seen my oncologist at the hosp, twice yearly for the 1st 2 yrs & now once a year - my last appt. was in XXXXXXXXXX - following my yearly mammogram at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I could not have asked for better care. Thank you. XXXXXXXXXX
Information coordinates with XXXX was at times confusing, or misinformed.
is red the bruises are healed but I still have these marks and I still get headaches so on XXXXXXXXXXX I mention this to my family doctor and referred me to a catscan. I left it up for that for now that i'm not going to have surgery that i'll get back to him. So they call me in for a catscan and they said they were booking into XXXXXXXX so she said can you come anytime like 5am so I said anytime is fine so she booked me in on XXXXXXXX and I went in and got the catscan and my doctor said everything was ok but I still get these headaches they get better throughout the day but it's in the top of my head and I have a hard time getting up. I need to know when the referral was made and when the appointment was made for me to come in to fix my nose. I ask and nobody can tell me that everyone's protecting themselves. I spoke with a girl in ED and she said she couldn't do anything but said I could speak to her supervisor. so I call the supervisor and she got back to me and said she was goi(truncated)Yes there is there's a lot I want to share with you this last question you asked me in which language. I have taken my Mother my mother in law my father to appointments because their English is not good so I have lost time I've lost work for having to take them so they knew they understand what was going on and now I see them bending backwards for it and I didn't have that when I needed it now they provide interpreter and translator and all that. This information should have been provided all along. So that my family would be able to get the care they needed that they understood and it wasn't that way cause they looked at us like we were inferior because we didn't speak the language well. Ok I fell I ended up with a bump on my left side of my forehead it was bigger than an egg and blood was coming out I broke my nose so blood was coming out of my nose as well. None of the Hospital people none of the emergency people cleaned my face I had to do it myself. When I got there they were why are you holding this thing on your forehead you're not bleeding anymore it was a cold pack to keep the swelling down and I had to explain that to them but they didn't even replace it with a cleaner one and when you're going through this you're shocked and I know it's COVID and the nurse was behind a shield thing and taking care of four patients the nurses shield should be see through what' the point of it being there if the nurse can't see the patients to help. OK now this is the one that I'm still dealing with and I still don't have an answer and I was speaking with the manager of XXXXXXXXXXXX and was thinking about calling again today to get an answer so I fell and I called my family doctor a few days later I wasn't able to get an app until XXXXX and they changed it so that was good. I was supposed to see an XXXX XXXXX specialist and I'll worry about this in the new year he said not you need to see the specialist within two weeks he gave me the opportunity to make an appointment so knowing that I'm not able to get an appointment with my doctor right away I left them with the referral I called the nurse a few days later she said oh I don't see anything here Dr. XXXXXXXXX is not in today. I left my name and number for her to get back to me. Nothing. So I go into on the XXXX to my family doctor and he says you need to see an XXXX XXXX specialist so I got a message saying that they had made the referral to a Dr. XXXX in XXXXXXXX. My doctors office provided me with Dr. XXXXXX phone number and I left a message saying that I understand that I have a referral and for them to call me back to set up an appointment and no one gets back to me so I think its around XXXXXXXXX but then now it's after XXXXXXXXX so I left another message I broke XXXX and need an appointment with them still nothing. so I have a apt on XXXXX with my family doctor and told them I still didn't have my appointment with the XXXX XXXX specialist so I told him I would call same thing I leave a message we will get back to you within 48 hours and nothing so I call again before I call my family doctor so I finally get someone and they go yah we heard your message we're referring you to Dr. XXXXX - so I ask if she can spell the name and she was very helpful so I wait a few days and wait to see if I'll hear from this Dr. XXXXX. so I wait a week a week goes by and I get a call from Dr. XXXXX and they said that I had an appointment for XXXXX XXX specialist and I said I thought I was going to be called by Dr. XXXXX they said oh well they referred you to us. So I went to the appointment and it's been a month since fell and the doctor said because it's been so long it's almost healed so there was nothing they could do I take care of my XXXX I can't risk being laid off for two days the other option he gave me was surgery but I'm XX and i'm not going to get surgery for that. Theres still a mark on my XXX and still a mark on my forehead th
Is there a way I could get a copy of this survey to keep a paper trail?
It an excellent place to go. It is my preference.
It appeared to me that the emergency dept is understaffed with no way to draw assistance or get extra staff when it is regained. This service is needed and they all want to be a good job.
It doesn't help if u do this questionnaire or not they sent me home to soon before my issue was resolved I told the doctor my bowels still haven't worked and he didn't say anything.
It exceed my expectations. The Doctor contacted a colleague and she phone my cell phone to change the prescription and then follow up and I appreciated that.
It has been a satisfactory experience and exemplary care that I've received at this hospital for the last couple of years. And it has been a good experience all around.
It is a hospital emergency in a very large city in Canada. It is expected for provide the highest health care possible. Those expectations were dashed when I went to hospital. Thank god Im a doctor. I'd close that hospital if I could. Thank god it wasn't a terrible injury that it would've left me in danger. There is no problem with nursing staff. Problem lies with the physician doctors. They do not care about the patients who visit the hospital.
It is a nice environment for children. it's nice to have a hospital that is dedicated to children.
It is a really good facility. It's really good there.
It is a very long wait especially with a young child.
It is an excellent hospital and it is humane. They treat you with dignity and respect.
It is just that we have been there for too many hours and it could have been cut off by a triage.
It is the closest hospital in town.
It is very hard to have the appropriate responses to the survey due to the amount of time that has past since the actual visit.
It just seems like they had multiple doctors come in to look at XXXXXX and none of them knew what was going on with her.
It just takes too long. 4 hours with a XXXXX year-old is a long time. Especially at nighttime.
It just took a long time They did everything but it seemed that they wanted to get in and out. They were cold then would leave and I would sit there for a long.
It seemed I sat there a long time with no action! But I understand.
it should be the waiting should be little faster. i know there are too many people sick. if it is little faster. 1 or 2 hour is okay.
It took so long for them to see me. When I got there it was early afternoon and when I left it was in the evening and they didn't give me any pain medication and I was in a lot of pain. I think that very unprofessional. And they didn't explain my injury they slapped air cast and told me to go home. They didn't send my crutches correctly and I had a hard time with them.
It took so long just to see a neural surgeon. After my CAT scan came back??? I was given antibiotics and saw a general doctor. However??? I was advised to see a neural surgeon and had to wait 11 hours after this just to see this doctor.
It took too long to get results.
It took too long to wait for the doctors to come and check me out. It was a very long wait.
It was 7 hours in the waiting room even though I went ahead and got the x-rays and tests done ahead of time - to keep a X year old up until 2 am was angering.
It was a good experience and not to knock the hospital but I'm trying to forget it to be honest.
It was a good experience, no complaints at all. Whether I am an employee or a patient there, my experience is always good.
It was a good overall experience. The wait time was fair it could have been shorter given the circumstances. Based on nature of reason I was there being a occurrence repeating time of event they did not explain the cause or symptoms and they did their best. I saw a resident doctor who made sure I was ok by the time i left.
It was a good stay they were professional. I was treated very well and my pain was well managed. It was well organized.
It was a good visit The doctor did what he had to do.
It was a good visit. I actually had a junior doctor and senior doctor and another doctor come in and check. It was quite nice having the reassurance of 3 doctors.
It was a good visit. I was treated well and the care was excellent.
IT was a great experience.
It was a misdiagnosis of a XXXXXX that was not only done once but twice in the ER and also in the Emergency clinic. I'm not happy about going to ER since they are not equipped to diagnose fractures. All i got from the hospital was Tylenol 3 and a slingshot that doesn't help. Maybe the delay in diagnosis extended the healing process. I haven't encountered such incompetence in this field and to have my hand in a cast and helping me to recover. All they did was give me Tylenol and told me to take rest. I got a call from Emergency clinic saying that I had a fracture after consultation with a specialist. I got an MRI from XXXXXXXX XXXXXX. In the whole process it was painful to go through the whole experience.
It was a positive experience but I feel we did have a long wait.
It was a positive experience with no problems. There was a good follow up and they are watching.
It was a positive experience. I had my issue dealt with. It wasn't urgent where I was bleeding profusely or anything so I was quite happy with the treatment I received. I always think emerge takes longer then it should but I appreciate that they do everything they can
It was a pretty awful stay. I especially had a pretty hard time with the doctor. She was incredibly rude and really added a lot trauma to the stay. Nurses were great. I had a nurse named XXXXX who was great.
It was a really good experience and i was looked at efficiently.
It was a short period of time the doctor could be a bit more sensitive or compassionate to the parents who are in a panic because they brought their child to emergency.
It was a very busy day for them.
It was a very pleasant experience. They were very conscientious??? they were very pleasant with kids.
It was a very upsetting poor and care free admission. My experience in all three admissions at the general were pathetic. I would never want to go back to that hospital.
It was a weird time and I was quite happy The did figure out what was the stuff.
It was absolutely awesome- they got me everywhere I needed to go. The Dr was awesome; they got me an MRI and x-rays all in that night. Everyone treated me fantastic. I came from XXXXXXXXXXXX to XXXXXXXX
It was amazing staff was amazing. Everything was great.
It was an excellent experience they look after the problem and I was pleased with the results.
It was as nice as can be really The doctor was as explanatory as he needs to be and the nurses were really nice.
It was empty when I went there and it took over 2 hours before I was able to get in and see someone.
It was excellent
It was excellent I never had any problem with that hospital at all and I only had this one long wait time. Its a wonderful hospital.
It was excellent I was thrilled to get taken care of so quickly and knowledgeably. I cant believe how fast I got taken care of. Everything was explained well- and I am recovering superbly
It was excellent service. I was very pleased with the care that I had and making sure I didn't leave without further tests which they looked after. I would come there again in a minute.
It was excellent. No complaints.
It was excellent. Very pleased.
It was extremely busy??? took a long time to get from one stage to the next.
It was fantastic and highly recommended.
It was fantastic.
It was fantastic. I got treated with dignity.
It was fine ; it was good.
It was fine??? wait was a little long??? but that was expected.
It was good a bit longer than it should be but it was decent
It was good and a nice place for children
It was good Better wait than normal.
It was good but some nurses were good and some were not. There are not enough and its too busy.
It was good emergency department great hospital great nurse great doctors sometimes theres a longer wait then usually but on that occasion it was fine.
It was good everything was fine.
It was good experience with care. The doctor was great.
It was good they were trying hard. It was 4.5 days upstairs before I got surgery.
It was good. It happened on XXXXXXXX just before the covid stuff and it was real uneventful.
It was good. Wait times are long.
It was good??? very helpful.
It was great care in the hospital but when I left hospital I had 4 different doctors I did not know what was going on or the drugs I was taking.
It was great except it was very cold at the old part of the hospital for 21 day I asked to move me and they wouldn't. It was next to a window.
It was great he was born at XXX. We couldn't be happier so glad we live close.
It was great.
It was great.
It was great. I had a broken arm and not in good shape. It felt it was disorganized. I had to go and ask when I was going for an x-ray. Otherwise all of the staff was great.
It was honestly one of the best experiences. In the grand scheme of things for a hospital stay it was great.
It was just terribly long
It was just the wait times were way way too long??? the communication and the interaraction was too short and it took hours to see the doctors to start with??? it was all the nurses and I went to see a doctor and I expect that level of care when I go to the ER. The doctor would only stay 2 minutes and then would leave and say he would be right back and he would be gone for hours at a time.
It was just too long and very impersonal. And very...doctors and the nurses were overworked and understaffed. To be able to care for me properly. That's how I felt.
it was just too much pandemonium. when i arrived there. i was in the hospital there..i didn't have a clue what was going on maybe that was due to the fact that i was badly injured. I am glad i got to the hospital..they did the best possible..i cannot deny that. under the circumstances its a very busy place.
It was nice and quiet because it was during covid. It was ok.
It was not helpful??? and it was the worst experience I've had at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in my life. The doctor was not helpful at all and I told him to go ***** himself??? and I want to go back and tell him to go ***** himself again. I will never go back to another ER again. They tried to push pills down my throat??? to which I said I don't take pills to which they said "then you can leave."
It was not in the emergency room. When I was in ICU they thought I was going crazy but the room was too cold and the nurse gave me a injection which I think was a psychedelic drug. Other than that the service was very good and I'm very happy with it. When I was given a diet it had too much pepper in it.
It was not very clean.
It was odd that I checked in at triage in the morning and sat for about 2 hours I really don't understand it mostly because I got my bracelet and got my blood pressure taken at the first. It was a simple mistake that triage forgot to input the information in the system but because I was pregnant I should have been in priority but waited anyway when my spouse inquired the mistake was found and I was seen shortly after.
It was OK. Maybe having a converter to change the channel or some magazines or something to do when you are sitting there.
It was pretty good. I don't expect to be out in 10 minutes. I am worried about my next visit because I had to go for mental health once and when I go back they are going to see that on my file and treat me different.
It was pretty impressive compared to others I have been in. High quality.
It was probably a very typical Emergency visit. I was quite satisfied with the care and the follow up as well.
It was professional.
It was quite an experience. I had a room in the hall for most of my stay. It was the last 3 or 4 days that I actually had my own room to stay in. Other than that I was very happy because I was well taken care of.
It was really busy. They keep apologizing as soon as she was in they took her into the trauma and it was quick.
It was really good.
It was really good.
It was really really right on. When I reflect back I could not find fault. The weakest spot would be the food. I couldn't eat what they brought because it wasn't appealing. It could have been due to the medication or the appetite. My friends brought me yogurt and fruit. The main course was difficulty usually.
It was super great! They treat you like gold.
It was surprisingly pleasant experience. The food was great too.
It was the best experience we ever had regarding hospitals
It was the best visit I've ever had. It was quick and I got service right away and I was in and out quickly.
It was the worst hospital visit for service. There's two different porters that took me to the xrays those were courteous and friendly. There were 2 nurses that were fighting a woman. Terrible place to go to.
It was the worst visit we've ever had. PT has been through multiple visits through their life and this was the worst. I know what good care is I've experienced it and this was the worst. PT's name is in the file wrong It's XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX not XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. This created a problem at the hospital when signing in.
It was too long for only a CT Scan which ended up being nothing.
It was top notch.
It was very disgusting that people wait so long for attention. I was ready to leave so many times. Other than that it was great.
It was very good all around. It's just there is such a shortage of doctors that it is hard for them to get around to all the patients when it is busy busy busy.
It was very good I never had any issues
It was very good I was very comfortable. They were very sweet and good to me. They treat me with respect and friendship.
It was very good just my wife and I have used it extensively and we just finished a little write up for doctors day at the hospital that Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX is working on
It was very good they gave me advice and they gave me very good service I am very pleased with it.
It was very good. Family and I received excellent care and like to see it continue. Change family doctor because he retired and we purposely picked a doctor that has privileges at XXXXXXXXXXXX.
It was very good. The doctor was very nice.
It was very good. They were very compassionate and it was excellent.
It was very long waiting but I understood the issues. The doctor had some concerns because I needed to be stitched up and ended up doing some disposable stitches since I was going on holidays. This doctor also gave instructions to my family doctor to have it checked out. I was still bleeding a little bit??? and the nurse abrupt said??? "put pressure on XXXXXXX" since I wasn't holding it tight enough. I could have waited a little longer with the nurse until the bleeding had stopped??? but instead she sent me on my way. I was hesitant on some of the answers because it didn't fit to my exact incident. The survey could have fit for more situations such as accidents. Skipped Questions- 17??? 18??? 24
It was very pleasant.
It was very positive experience.
It was very well organized.
It was very well organized. They had him in and out very quickly.
It was wonderful. Skipped Question- 21
It wasn't really an emergency it was because my family doctor sent me there so that I could get seen by a specialist. So it wasn't like a real emergency.
It would be good in some cases for the parent to get a copy of the test results. If providing a potty for a child for a urine test something should be provided to wipe the child. Also a something should be provided such as a shelf or a hook for a parent to put things like coats.
It would be nice if the waiting times are less. I would really like if the waiting time was reduced until a doctor is seen.
It would be nice if they were a little more concerned with the patients and take them a more seriously.
It would be nice in an ideal world, to have those visits be a lot shorter, but I realize that that is an impossibility
It would be prudent, and desirable to have more than one oncologist involved with diagrams, and treatment therapies. Time frames need to be shorter, esp re diagnostic evaluations. * My care provider has been my doctors and XXXXXXXXXXXXX nurses (palliative and PT, OT).
Its a beautiful hospital and very caring people.
it's a hell of lot better than XXXXXXXXXXXXs.
Its a provincial problem. The paramedics are made to wait for the patient to be booked in. I find it distressing for anyone to go through that experience of waiting for 4-10 hours before anyone sees you. I just felt that it is indignant to the person who is not well that you can't get an assessment in due time. I give kudos to the paramedics and their patience and care they give to the people in need. I don't know how this can be resolved and I hope this can be taken care of.
it's always crazy like a long long wait ??? the nurses are not professional at all. They don't come to the patient and don't update and There's no reassurance. When you are waiting you are in pain and someone needs to come and say hey I'm sorry for your waiting. Some sort of reassurance. No one even makes eye contact. The patients are not here for visiting ya know? The emergency dept nurses are the worst and unprofessional. They don't even ask if pt is comfortable. Those times I wish I was never there. Doctors are busy but they come and say sorry and say everything is okay. But I was not happy with nursing system. I hope they get some education to learn to behave professionally. When you are sick you need mental support and I don't think they understand that-
it's fine. It was excellent care years ago??? but this time??? it was just average. Skipped Questions- 37??? 41
it's just the system I liked before better. Right now it is a little bit too many window you have to go to before you see the doctor.
it's just the time and the wait.
Its my emergency of choice even though its a farther distance.
It's not the first time I've been here and I've had excellent care every time. Once in the last 20 years I was in XXXXXXXXXX and it was terrible.
I've always been please with the service me and my girlfriend get when we go there. They do a great a job in a crappy situation. The Emergency ward is not the most pleasant jobs to be doing you get to look at peoples worst days.
I've always been treated well but I had a fall this visit and the nurse just stood there and watched and did not help me up at all. My knees are still injured and I'm still bandaging them.
I've been to many ERs over the years and when these guys heard there was a potential heart issue they were all over it. XX
I've been to that same ER with a different child of mine a few years ago. I think the wait time then was longer and stuff. I was impressed with how quickly things were moving along this time. I think it was interesting to observe that because I felt it was particularly due to covid. It was a lot more expedient to go through the process. I really felt that we know what we were doing and got through it quickly it was well laid out. The processes were well explained and it was very quick so I'm overall very pleased with experience.
I've been to the emergency department in the past year at least 12 times??? in the past 6 months I haven't been. it's the only emergency department I???ll go to. I always find the care superb. No one can say anything bad about XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to me.
I've been waiting for a long time for my MRI still waiting for an appointment.
I've had some heart problems this year and I had surgery and had some complications so I was concerned that I wasn't taken care of sooner but the staff is very friendly. I was having a hard time breathing but other than the wait time everything was taken care of quickly.
I've never had such bad service because of an incident that never should have gotten to what it was because of care you have sit hrs to get service. The in house care is amazing thought but you have to go through allot to get the service.
I've visited many hospitals and I was very disappointed.
JHCC is the best!! Thank you!! Please note comments alongside some questions.
Join support groups & classes
Just a very bad experience with the doctor. He didn't listen and he had a very loud voice. he was awful. he was acting like there was nothing wrong with me. and contradicting my symptoms. his name was Dr. XXXXXXX.
Just after we were done had to get a second opinion and she had XXX XXXXXX so the ER doctors just looked at one symptom about her blood and did not did not try to treat the general malady.
Just getting organized about the wait times
Just going back to the part about they didn't relieve the pain I had ongoing chest pain so I don't want to say but they didn't relieve the pain I didn't need the Tylenol but that's why I was there so they didn't but I don't want to say that you know?
Just I've always received excellent care at Juravinski but the wait time was quite excessive and it was super busy that day
Just one thing there weren't proper beds in the intensive care unit they were like cots. I stayed there for 2 nights and they were impossibly uncomfortable. Otherwise everything was fine.
Just that the wait time was very long
Just that there was a frequent switching off of doctors and nurses in the emerg so they can't really get to know you as a person??? so it's difficult to answer that question fairly.
Just that unfortunately I think it was the timing-wise that we arrived There was an overreaction when I arrived but we waited 2 1/2 hours. The nurse was very kind before I left and explained everything about symptoms vomiting etc that would suggest head trauma. And we were seen again before we left so it wasn't a situation of us being ignored.
Just the fact I felt I could trust what what was done for me. I didn't think I was that sick to tell you the truth. When they told me I had pneumonia I was honestly suprised.
Just the fact that they are overworked problem during the shift change over. They had a meeting and no one was around. The other 3 in my room could not get out of bed. Alarm was going off for 1/2 half hour and I went to get someone and no one was there. Strange theses people were having problems and no one was around which was disturbing. I was told I would have home care for dressings to be changed. But we had to drive 20 minutes 3 times a week at first and I was not expecting that. They said only if I was really in trouble they come to your house. I was discharge at 9:30 in the morning but had to wait until 1 or 1:30 for the home care person to come but then they told me I was not getting any. Nurses were really good. Some students were left on their own and they did something they should have not have done and was cutting a drain thing that should not have been cut. Whoever is in charge should have been there but not sure if it had to do with the hospital. The Nurses and Doctors were good.
Just the same problem that have accumulated over the last few years but you're waiting between 3 and 9 hours you wait. I understand that those with worse conditions go first but quicker service would be appreciated. Even though I understand the situation.
Just wish that the waiting room wait time was A LOT shorter.
Keep on doing what you are doing!
Keep up the positive work, all people I have encountered are excellent!!!
Known this hospital all my life wonderful small facility it is old but never meet someone that should just go away. Although it takes money it is great to have a place that can keep you alive until you get where you need to go it is good for first responding hospital.
Lack of communication regarding wait times is not great. It would be nice to have a general time frame of wait times. Disregard for patients is horrific. Once you are a patient??? you are treated well. While in the waiting room you are snubbed. The nurses wasted a lot of time in doing certain things??? whereas their time would be been more proactive on other tasks.
Lack of parking created significant anxiety - All my medical info should be shared throughout my XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Doctors so that I do not have to guess which doctor received what information - this also created anxiety. Thank you to everyone who is helping me!!
Last 6 months exceptional care. When I received chemo over a year ago the only complaint was one chemo nurse. She did not like that I did not have a pic line She tried to find a vein. She heated a towel with warm water, then placed it in the microwave She placed my arm on the towel - I raised arm This happened a few times then held my arm down on towel. When another nurse came to assist me I lifted up my arm and it was red. This nurse treated it with cream so it would not blister. This is my only complaint in all my treatment
Learn how to give needles properly without hurt you.
Length of time spent waiting was too long.
Less wait time and not wait that long I waited 6 hours. If someone was serious they should not have to wait that long.
Letting the patient know that you have booked an appointment for them. Especially when there have been a change in appointment date. - My treatment for XXXXX was between XXX and XXXXXXXXX. I was given excellent care during that time. I'm still on daily medication for another XXXX XXXXX. Since my doctor retired I have been referred back to my family doctor. At this point all is well. If your questionnaire refers to the past 6 months only. Then my only contact with XXXXXXXXX has been for my yearly check up.
Like I indicated on the admission process we made a complaint with the floor manager and never received a response. We followed-up next time and the floor manager said it was out of his hands. We never heard back from anybody. We made the complaint because we were in XXXXX and a lot of communication between XXXXX doctors and the XXXXXXXX hospital with Dr. XXXX and when I got there it was like they had no idea I was coming that evening and were not prepared. We had to fight to get medication because I was in massive pain My XXXXX had to cause a stink to get me pain meds. Nobody knew who the hell Dr. XXXXX was. And when I gave the nurse my medication list and medical history they refused to review and give them to me.
Like to see that once someone is diagnosed with cancer, it is easier to get treatment in a timely fashion
Little more compassion Doctors are great in explaining but the nurses are not. I understand they are busy. Some are good but this visit was not good. I saw so many people outside who were in pain. Hopefully this will improve to have more doctors and nurses to cope with the demand of the patients coming in.
Looked after me along with my wife??? equally.
Lower the parking fees for the hospital garages.
Lower the price for parking! - Other than that thank you very much for your service XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Lying in a hospital bed it is amazing to see how extremely hard all staff work and into such good spirits!
More alternate care/therapy. But still is on going so will see.
More comfortable chairs in the waiting room when you're sitting there for so long.
More communication between patient and doctor.
More familiar with equipment being used. Anxiety counseling part way through. Follow up for coping with life after cancer.
More help with finances to relieve stress More help with medication costs More help with massage
More study on cancer in the bile duct. More clinical trails, as was told that this is not a common illness.
More thorough communication/preparedness from health team before treatment or tests.
More written instructions + info specific to me.
Most of the questions got poor scores because it was only one one ward that I got the poorest. The other 2 wards I would give very good scores. IN general all three wards were not well informed about my condition when shift changes they come in and it was as if they had not read my chart before. The nurse not a PSW did not know I had XXXXX XXXXXXX One question about medication not sure if the hospital knew what I was on coming in on but they should have as I brought in all the bottles. This was significant as there was withdraw but not a death serious as I went a week without a medication. My pain control for the first surgery my pain very controlled. My second surgery the pain was not controlled and I had to ask and they did not give it to me. Whether they were not asking for it or the Doctor was not giving it to me. But it was comfortable enough stay. Except for XXX XXXXX t I would recommend. Thank you XXX.
Mr. Dr. XXXXXXX very good doctor
My bed rails were hardly ever put up. I was desperately trying to get into a position of comfort was hard??? had I been older and less mobile I would have been on the floor??? I also wasn't provided a call bell??? which for myself wasn't a big deal however for an older person this may have posed as a problem.
My biggest thing is with the initial administration the nurses were polite. The people you see first who you show your health card to are very rude.
My cancer care @ XXXXXXXXXX was overall good. Found staff and doctors to be caring and attentive.
My cancer care was/is excellent I regret taking chemotherapy and would not take it again. My mental health is more important to me this chemotherapy. I will take my chances for and if the cancer returns in future.
My cancer diagnosis originated at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXXX and therefore the majority of my treatment and follow up is occurring at XXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I was sent to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for a XXXX XXXXXXXX radiation treatment and follow up of that treatment. Therefore, I did not fully complete your survey as some of the questions did not apply to me at XXXXXXXXXX. Also, I tried to contact XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX as per your letter to ask about a couple of questions, however no one knew this person and she apparently was not listed in their directory. I trust the questions I have answered will be helpful in your survey. I apologize for the delay in returning the survey, but I was away for a little while. I am pleased with the care I received at XXXXXXXXXX. Thank you.
My cancer treatment was complete XXXXXXXXX. I was in to see Dr. XXXXXXXXX for my 6 mo check up in XXXX and moved to 12 mo checks going for the duration of my follow up. I have always been well cared for at XXX all staff have been knowledgeable, caring & helpful. I am sorry to say good by to Dr. XXXXX but wish him well in his retirement.
My care at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was just excellent!
My care experience has been excellent.
My care experience was very good after the surgery. The entire medical were top notch surgeon, oncologist and radiation team. I still visit the oncologist every six months. I am very grateful to everyone involved. XXXXXXXXXX.
My child has no problem now. Like to say thank you for everybody work at XXXXXXXX. They work very well. The health care in Canada is the best.
My daughter had to go down XXXXXXXX and it seemed like it took a long time to move from the waiting room to the examination room. She was in pain and could barely breath so I think they could be a bit faster but besides that it was pretty good.
My daughter was sitting in the hallway in a stretcher and in my opinion they ask us personal questions that I didn't feel like I wanted to really discuss in the hallway.
My daughter XXXXXXXXXXX is X years old Am filling for her.
My doctors and nurses were very good but once you get to triage it can take 1-5 hours and it's a long wait.
My emergency visit should not count because I got great health care because of covid. It's a horrible hospital and so are all of the other hospitals in Canada.
My experience with the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was mostly positive + went smoothly. My oncologist Dr. XXXX + nurse XXXXX were approachable I do think cancer pts are vulnerable after business hrs + on weekends + would like to see a clinic for ca emergencies. It's a lot to put on an ER dept or CCAC nurses
My experience with XXX has been wonderful. Each time I step into the building, I feel like I'm going to get cured, just by being there.
My family and I agree that not getting a cancer diagnosis at all would have been the best change. However, since that was out of our control, we have to all way that my care experience was excellent and we wouldn't change any of it.
My first experience I was impress they were professional. I know it is hard for them and I would like to assist if I could.
My healthcare providers have provided excellent care. It has helped me cope with the stress/anxiety of dealing with my cancer diagnosis Thank you XXXXXXXXXX for the care!
My hospital experience was great except for one rude nurse and the gross food.
My hospital l stay was good in ER. It was delayed. There was a pain mgmt in play; they took it back. SO my pain/spasms returned so that lead to being admitted to the hospital. The nursing staff at the nursing station were awful; rude they did not respond. I was told that I should not touch this button how dare I press it. This included needing to use the bathroom. There was a faulty line in the Call button that kept going off on its own. It took 3 days before somebody reported. When the line went off on its own I could hear the nurses mocking me. Also since they did not respond people were screaming for them to help them. Since my pain mgmt was rescinded only giving me XXXXXX l I had to use the Call Button. The nurse again came in and cussed me out. Nobody told me I was being admitted. No communication at all. How could the administrator inform XXXXX I was being admitted when the nurses and doctors who were dealing with did not know. I had to fight to be released from the hospital. On XXXXXX after feeling better they had put me back in XXXXX The Doctor wanted to keep me longer to prove I could live without the main pain meds. I did prove to Physio that I could manage. The Doctor did not check on me all day and he actually was leaving for the day. It took me fighting with the nurses to contact him and approve my leaving. He told me what I needed to do to get out which I did but he did not follow up. It feels like the hospital is not running 24/7.
My husband + I have felt completely alone in this cancer journey. He has XXXXXXX XXX in various areas of his body. XXXXXXX XXXX XXXXX XXXXXX . None of the other areas have been treated The initial diagnosis was XXXXXXXX. It would be good if a nurse called us weekly to see how we are doing My husband also had XXXXX XXXXX XXXX diagnosed XXXXXXXXXXX I am administering XXXX XXXXX XXXXX daily to my husband XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX saved my husband's life on XXXXXXXX when he had the XXXX XXXX XXXXX We are very thankful to them + to Dr XXXXXXX + the XXXXXXXXXXXXXX at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Dr. XXXXXX even called us. We undergo diagnostic tests ++ but do not know the global plan. (The wife, age XX)
My last radiation treatment was in XXXXXXXXXXXXX I would like to express my sincere appreciation for the care and compassion that I received during this very stressful time I continue to attend follow up appointments thorough clinic and again am touched by the care I receive Thank you!
My oncology team was amazed by how the doctor handled me at XXXXXXXXXX. My oncology team asked me what ER I went to and they were shocked to hear how poorly I was treated by a doctor. She literally wouldn't treat me XXXXXXXX night and told me to wait until XXXXXX morning when oncology opened to change and deal with my bloody bandage.
My one incident a student doctor I'm not sure but she was explaining an exercise I was suppose to do for my shoulder and she advised me to hold a can of beer and how I should hold this. I thought it was odd for her to say hold a can of beer and I had asked if she had said can of beer because I'm XXXXXXXXXXXXX but she explained that that's how they taught her at school. That was my only concern.
My only concern was the waiting time but it was also a holiday.
My radiation tech was amazing! The team went above + beyond expectations but one young man should be recognized for his care + sensitivity. His name is XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
My son fell and he had to go to the hospital. They took x-rays and put a XXX XXXX XXXX I was told to take him to the fracture clinic two weeks later and that is when it was confirmed it was not healing properly. He had emergency surgery within a couple of hours. Now - months later - XXXX XXXXX . He should have had surgery but they felt the splits were enough. If they didn't know how to properly help my son they should have sent him to XXXXXXXX.
My stay was very well only problem was the surgery was push every day for 7 days everything else was fine. The nurses and doctors were great.
My surgeons rushed, indifferent attitude during post surgery visit!!! Greatly lacking in "people skills"/"bedside manner" when compared to all the wonderful staff at XXXXXXXXXX and my visiting home nurse (who are all "angels"!) and must be "hand picked" for their caring personalities
My treatment at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was good the staff was great. I had other health problems that worried me more than the cancer. I am trying to get them worked out.
My treatment ended on XXXXXXXXXXXXXX I had a very positive experience. The staff was wonderful There is nothing I would change
My visit was VIP service because I had already been in contact with the department head = so his associate was waiting for me. They rolled out the red carpet. It was preempted but it was great.
My wait was long but I understood.
My whole head was swollen and eye was shut. Still waited a long time. Worst emergency I've ever been to.
My wife feels that more attention to her feelings and concerns would have been welcomed.
N/A. Please note - this was just an annual follow-up visit. I have not had treatment in the last six months, with the exception of taking anastrozole. Question #65 - would have answered N/A if that option was available.
Need more staff.
Never did find out what was wrong with me.
Nice nurses. During my stay everything was good.
No - My care was excellent in a caring wonderful clinic 10 mins away from my home. Your staff is the best. Each and every one of them. Kudos to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Thank you
No although it took a while to get what needed to be gotten to they took care of it and I didn't die which is a 10 in my book.
No bad experiences and everyone was great and timely.
No change
No change was treated very well
No changes to suggest.
No changes.
No comments.
No complaints. Was treated very well. A great experience.
No everything was great. They showed us everything.
No everything was handled professionally.
No I cannot think of anything.
No I find it I have an ongoing health condition that specialists are looking into and I use XXXXXXXXXXXX to remedy problems when they flare up and I just find everybody there fine they know exactly they look up my charts and they know what they're going to do how they're going to do it there's no problems everything is taken care of sometimes they'll go extra and check into this or that or do this or that but I find the service excellent there.
No I think I told you enough. My three nights were not very pleasant and I was very hurt and felt ignored when I left. There are some people working at that hospital with bad character. They are hurting people and lots of them need training. I don't want to get into that anymore.
No it was a positive experience. The doctors made me feel comfortable about asking my questions and explaining everything to us.
No it was all fine except the triage area was confusing and I was confused about where to sit or what to do.
No it was good.
No it was very good.
No matter what department I go to you guys are amazing even my mom came down from XXXXXX and she was impressed with the hospital
No one even acknowledged us or came to see us in the room??? I had to track down the nurses to get him pain medicine. We left without proper diagnoses??? and was never contacted. I felt no one listened to what I had to say.
No other than that they're just great.
No thanks
No that's everything
No there is nothing else.
No was fine - wait after initial consult was too long
No when you in the hospital you're sick and don't think much about it. If they're nice to you you feel well. They are all nice.
No, I don't have anything.
No. Excellent care patient doctors who are top notch a very pleasant surprise/experience. Thanks. XXX
No. Its all good.
No. I've been satisfied.
No??? everything went smooth.
No??? I think we have covered everything.
No??? there is nothing I can think of. It was a good experience.
Nobody in the situation in which I was in should have been treated the way I was. XX.
None - the ladies at XXX were excellent care providers.
None Great care always
None the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was excellent the staff & Dr. XXXXXXX were wonderful. XXXXXXXXXX
None! I feel lucky to have seen great care provider at your hospital. Thank you!!
None. After radiation at XXXXXXXXXX my chemo is being done at XXXXXXXXX. (Dr XXXXXXXX)
None. All the care and treatment I received from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has been excellent.
None. I hope I live to be XXX! XXXXXXXXX
Nope that'd be it. It was an enjoyable experience.
Not a thing.
Not a thing.
Not enough nurses to help everybody. Not enough information on the surgery. It wasn't enough. I noticed there was some COVID PTs close to other PTs in our rooms. That is not a god thing. Also the cleaners were coming to the room and nurses should inform properly to PTs. Also PT heard a therapist talking over the phone and he was swearing and it was not proper to hear that.
Not get cancer in the first place!
Not having cancer.
Not having cancer. Wouldn't change a thing everyone is absolutely wonderful.
Not one thing
Not really it was so long ago.
Not really.
Not really. Its just the waiting time at the beginning that was a concern. But everything was good and their doing the best they can to make sure everyone it ok
Not that you can do much about it but it took much too long to get anything done. I was happy with the service I ended up with but time wise was terrible.
Not very clean - Sitting for 12 hrs - is a long time & - Staff looked very tired More staff is required
Nothing - but I would have liked not to experience cancer at all.
Nothing - doctors & nurses have been wonderful - caring and helpful.
Nothing - extremely pleased with all the exceptional care I received, including my yearly follow up appointments with Dr. XXXXX. Started arimidex mg XXXXXXXXX for 10 years!! Mammograms done monthly + fingers crossed I will remain cancer free. Thank you XXXXXXXXXX
Nothing - I felt XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and Cancer Centre was as excellent in treating my cancer. Thank - you.
Nothing - It was perfect!
Nothing - keep up the good work
Nothing - really. From volunteers to various specialists, my XXXXX and I were both treated with respect, care consideration, patience & kindness.
Nothing - we are so very lucky to have this great facility in XXXXXXXX. Thank you all for the work you do and the hope you give to us all. Received excellent care.
Nothing (fantastic care) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Nothing ... My care by my surgeon (Dr. XXXXXXXXX @ XXXXXXXXXXXX) my Oncologist (Dr. XXXXX @ XXX) and my Radiation Oncologist (Dr. XXXXXXXXX @ XXX) has been exemplary. All have been informative professional & very caring. My radiation hasn't started, but I assume it will be a positive experience as well.
Nothing absolutely nothing! The entire work atmosphere emotional climate and staff, in general afforded me the opportunity to genuinely look forward to my 20 daily trips from XXXXXXX to the clinic, and XXX, in particular. I wish you all well and thank you. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Nothing accept that family doctors should not recommend hormone therapy without making sure patients are told if well likely cause cancer.
Nothing at all. They were super, even called when I missed an appointment.
Nothing comes to mind.
Nothing excellent care!
Nothing except the XXXX because the XXXXXX + I bled a lot, my blood pressure dropped + I almost passed out. My treatment ended at XXXXXXXXXX on XXXXXXXXX with my XXXXXX. I still take XXXXX which is required forXXX I still have XXXX visits with my oncologist. All the care I received was excellent. Thanks to volunteers, radiation doctor/oncologist + their assistants, the radiation technicians and the people who mapped out the radiation. Even the custodian at the door who greeted + helped me in and out of the car. God bless them all. Also thanks to the XXXX XXXXXXXX drivers. They made my journey enjoyable.
Nothing I thought the quality of care was excellent. Everyone I came into contact with made me feel relaxed and looked after. From diagnosis to final radiation treatment was only 4 months. Very quickly expedited
Nothing It was a surprise did not know it started with a sore back. That is how it was found.
Nothing System works quite well.
Nothing thank you for all the care you gave me. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Nothing to complain about everything has been going pretty good and the knee is back in good shape.
Nothing! I'm happy it's there for me!
Nothing! Very happy that Dr. XXXX's office called to follow up my mom's patient care experience!
Nothing, everyone was very helpful.
Nothing, not having cancer would be nice.
Nothing. Everyone was so helpful.
Nothing. I ws impressed with every doctor, nurse, technician I met and I was amazed at the speed that everything happened.
Nothing. Please find a cure.
Nothing. You did your best
Nurses - Extremely busy and too much to do No compassion from the nurses they sent me home in a worse state than when he entered. I was not cleaned for 3 weeks. Teeth were not brushed for 3 weeks.
Nurses and doctors were excellent. They tried to helped me. They helped me to understand that if I left there could be consequences.
Nurses sat at nurses station playing on personal phones and texting and could not be bothered to pick up my CT scan The doctor ended up going and picking it up.
Nurses were all very very good and caring and kind. I think they go above and beyond at that hospital.
Nurses were very good with my daughter??? and made sure she was comfortable.
Nursing staff and staff in general are excellent - XXX
Obviously they didn't have proper protocols for COVID 19 patients, and they put me in this waiting area that was close to the door, and it was very cold with my having a fever and cold. I was very cold in that area. They didn't have an area for me to isolate and there were people sitting right in front of me. I don't know if they were COVID19 patients or not, but they didn't have anywhere for me to go by myself.
On arrival blood pressure XXXXX After two hours it was XXXX because I took an old blood pressure pill at home as I am a XXXXX. Doctor did not order any medication told me to see family Doctor and that was a long weekend. So XXXXXXXX til XXXXXXX before I could see my Doctor and Thank God I had more old pills at home. I took these pills which prevented further brain damage. I feel that I probably had a stroke. The Doctor was polite and kind but didn't do the right thing. If they had looked up my record they would have seen that I had two previous stokes in XXXX and XXXX. I have been two the three hospital's now and XXXXXXXX was the best clean and good care. If I wasn't a Nurse and had not had the medication at home then I would have died that weekend. I do have residual affects from the high blood pressure. I am now on a medication from my family doctor.
On one day shift got very very XXXX XXXXX XXXXXXX. Nurse came in and put a blanket over the vomit. It was just liquid but still. The night shift the girl look after everything. Big differences between the day and night shift. Floor did not get clean up and put a bed pad on top of the vomit which was liquid it was on the wall and on the table. Myself and my XXXXX X clean off the table and the floor not wash until next morning. Night shift nurse looked after. It was ok situation. I did not expect the nurse to clean the floor and wall but they could have gotten the cleaning staff in there especially since it was during the day.
On the times I've called into the clinic for help, it can take up to 8 hours for a call back I understand that they are busy, but for someone going through this for the first time & unsure of what is urgent or not, a quicker call back would be appreciated.
On the X-ray they didn't tell me that my XXXXX and I did not find this out until three days later when I went to see my Chiropractor.
On this day in particular I had a concern with the doctor that did my final checkup. I was explaining my injury to him saying that it was work related and he didn't listen to me. Instead??? he wrote down a diagnosis according to his knowledge??? and said that my injury was due to XXXX XXXXXX . Because of this??? my coverage with the XXXX got cancelled since his statement was in relation to a sports injury rather than in relation to work.
Once I started the care it was good. I dislocated XXXX XXXXX and the first two to three hours that I was there they didn't give me any medications. I think that some form of pain medication would have been great. I had to cry for help for the medication to finally come. However??? once I saw a doctor they were good and got me out pretty fast. Question 25 - I received some information but not all.
Once I was in the nurses and doctors were amazing but while I was waiting in the waiting room the front desk people were ignoring me but once the triage nurse called me in she was good. I was in a lot of pain while I was waiting.
One issue was when they released me my blood pressure XXXX XXXXXX they hooked me up to IV and it was still extremely low they discharged me despite this I was disoriented and throwing up due to my blood pressure being low I should not have been told to be discharged drs and nurses were talking amongst themselves instead of to me my blood pressure was normal until it plummeted may have been due to the morphine they administered more pain meds which made the pain worse I think they should have waited for my blood pressure to stabilize before discharge XXXX forms were started by doctors but only handed me part of it paper work was missing had to contact hospital left messages and nobody called me back.
One nurse or clerk she said why did you come to this hospital in a tone I did not like. She said you should have went to XXXXXXXXX. I did not like that question. It was closer and I have been there before. It was as if she was saying to me you came to the wrong hospital. I only go if really really need to go.
One of the nurses didn't treat my mother good at all she yelled at my mom here voice is really loud. She was yelling at another patient throwing up and didn?t provide any care asking why they were puking.
One of the nurses was not interested in listening to me and did not seem happy to be there
One of the patients was a nuisance to the whole area and nurses and doctors were ignoring her because she was such a nuisance, they could have paid a little more attention to her
One thing that I didn't like at the time was that the attendant who brought me back and forth from one location to the next kept saying??? "this one" and 'that one". The x-ray was requisitioned before I had been seen or spoken to by the physician. She requisitioned the wrong part of the leg. Instead??? she requisitioned a part of the XXXXX instead of a part of the XXXX She told me there was no fracture XXXX and it resulted in her having to get an x-ray done again??? taking up a couple more hours to get a proper x-ray and a waste of their resources. The initial x-ray was for the wrong area. The XXXXX I did have is a bone that is difficult to diagnose. They misdiagnosed the bone. It was only through the bone scan that it was a different bone. They did call promptly the next day to tell me that there was a fracture in the XXXXX Skipped Question- 6 Question 18- I have a XXXXX XXXXX background and I like to know everything. It was hard to get information from them because they were giving such basic info.
Only issue was the duration I was triaged put in a room and waited considerable amount of time. Not clear how long it would be and who I was seeing. Once I saw someone it went well. Great anywise.
Other than never having in the first place, I couldn't ask for a more caring, straight shooter than Dr. XXXXXXXX, XXX & XXXXXXXX. No question too silly and any & all family questions answered with honesty & grace. Very confident in the care being given.
Other than this time(previous visit) -I did speak with the intern telling him that I was not a specimen and a pt. he tried to put a pick/iv in me he had no authorization to do it was not their decision. I have never forgotten and I felt very angered by the situation. I was so upset I walked out. it was not a good exp at all. I went back and that's when they called the pick nurse and I refused everything and gave them my documents from my doctor and that's when I was told that they had no authorization to do that or make any decisions for me. they were not specialists. they had no authority to do that unless I talked to my doctor. hence I'm a little apprehensive of interns now and I always ask. I don't think interns should make certain decisions without consulting docs. I have a bias against them now.
Other than you wait too long in emergency No.
Our main issue is that you never feel welcomed. I always feel like I'm interrupting their day, especially with the nurses and receptionists. The doctors are great and some of the nurses are great, but the majority of the nurses make you feel like you're a burden.
Overall a good experince.
Overall good service.
Overall good visit. Everyone is nice. I have an ongoing issue and there is a couple nurses that don't understand my issue and they are a little standoffish. Doctors there are always great.
Overall I had a good stay. One time I thought the nurses made a mistake with strapping me in my chair in my opinion they did not do it right. I was dissatisfied with that. But they say they did it right but I fell out.
Overall I was not pleased because I had to wait so long but they didn't do anything just checked me over and recommended some medication. So in other words it was a waste of time.
Overall I was pleased with the care that I got but it took way too long to be treated in an situation where I felt it was emergency.
Overall I was very impress not very often you say that. The nurses were amazing they saw me almost faint in the hallway XXXXXX and another one came right away and helped be and XXX came back before she left to go home. They were truly amazing. People in the parking garage that lady should be teaching Public Relations classes she knows how to deal with people.
Overall I was very very pleased with all the care I received -
Overall it was good
Overall it was I as seeing double they took really good care me. It was scary I could not see. They made me feel comfortable took my stress and worry away. It was good experience.
Overall it was really good. they answered all my questions. It was probably the best visit I've had with XXX XXXXX
Overall it went fairly well I think. I was just in a lot pain that night and I wished they would have got to me sooner.
Overall the experience was great. I was hoping that the Doctor could act a bit sooner or quicker. At the time it was an overall scary experience.
Overall the nursing care was excellent. Few issues I felt the doctor did not listen to me. I had to advocate for myself and stand up for myself and in the end it was good that I did.
Overall very good. They were supportive as I was scared because of Covid They made it feel welcome and comforting.
Overall visit was positive. However??? wait time between test results was way too long. They told me it would be 20 minutes to get blood tests back but I waited 2 hours for a doctor to come tell me. When doctor gave me my results I asked him what that meant and he told me my family doctor would know. I am lucky because I work in the medical field and I knew what the results meant??? but I still had questions he could not answer. So I think it would have been very scary for anyone who didn't understand??? or didn't work in the medical field.
Overall was very good
Paid for crutches and air brace at Urgent Care, received invoice not paid. Found who I paid it to at desk, was too busy on her cell and didn't really care.
Paramedics were very good got into the ED whether they were too busy or what they could have been more communication. It was late and I had no where to sleep and I was going to ask to stay the night but the people at the desk were very busy or very social so I did not ask if I could stay. I just wanted to leave.
Paramedics were very nice.
Parking is expensive.
Parking ticket when I got out.
Patients must be encouraged to advocate for themselves. More assistance from dietitians, hygienist and should be encouraged My surgeon was very good, but needs a lesson in humility. Every patient of hers I met agreed! Late for every appt and always rushed - TOO BLUNT! My oncologist is 10/10 - includes his residents, always on time and gives me all the time I need
People were very kind despite being busy
Physician I had was fantastic.
Physician were great physio was great. Some of the nursing could have been better. I am a nurse and I try to be a good patient but some nursing care was not the greatest.
Please improve the facility. Make the ED friendly for providing the optimum care for the patients. Enlarge the physical facility.
Please remove me from mailing list. Currently being treated at XXXXXXXXXXXXX for last XXX yrs.
Pleased with treatment. At a very scary time in my life I felt informed, staff and doctor helpful, in good hands.
Prior to the last time but the last time I went I was treated poorly I asked someone to turn the TV off and nobody would they refused and my opinion was neglected.
Process still on going with regular follow up. Participant in study group.
PT 80+ said the wait was too long over 12+ hours to get a C-Scan test and also there was no compassion from hospital staff
PT has no comments
PT has no comments
PT has no comments
PT has no comments
PT in a walking clinic had a XXXX XXXXXX . The Dr. prescription took a very long time. PT feels the time wait was too long. Time was 1 Hour and 30 Mins.
PT said everything was good
PT said everything was quite nice and the nurses were delightful
PT said he was not impressed with the care service after his ED visit. The Dr called PT only once. Later Dr. called him a second time and promised to call him back later. But the Dr. never called back. PT is very disappointed. PT mentioned only this survey service called him twice but not the Dr.
PT said it was good.
PT said it was the best visit I have ever been in a hospital
PT said no comments
PT said overall it was pretty good
PT said she was very happy to go because she was treated very well
PT said she was very satisfied and everything was fine. Some questions PT didn't remember because it was back in XXXXXXXXX.
PT said the experience is the most positive and it was excellent
PT said the he had two visits the first time couldn't have a private room and went through the dialysis room where PT found himself in a third world room mentioned six west room # it was disgusting with little support of hospital staff. Even when he left the hospital he had no support during his exit. However the second visit on XXXXXXX for this survey everything was better
PT said the staff are very caring and overall everyone there was excellent and they have very nice staff. PT also said the semi private rooms are very small including the washroom which were very small and there is not enough room
PT said the wait was a bit long
PT said when the PT went for an appointment and get an X-Ray the test results are fast. But when the same X-ray goes through ED the test results are delayed. Even the X-Ray is located in the same clinic the test results have different time delay.
PT the doctors were not compassionate with the child and was in a rush
PT was satisfied with the hospital.
Q 51 - After radiation the pain was so intense for a few days all I could do was cry. I had no further doctor's appointments for 2 weeks. A follow up phone call during the week following the end of radiation would have been helpful. Q 57 - My surgeon didn't provide a good overview of what was to happen during my treatment. Once I got to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX it was much better - My surgeon said I would be off 3 weeks and it's been 4 months - Meeting with one of the nurses from the XXXXXXXXXXXXX at the start not 4 weeks after my surgery would have allowed me to be more prepared, provide better direction to my employer and be less stressed.
Q.24 - They just said I had some XXXX XXX problem and asked me to take Tylenol. I stayed there for 13-15 hours and left the same way I came in. I went in to the Hospital in severe severe pain and all I can say is I wish they had more compassion and not told me to go home after 12 hours of stay and just giving me a Tylenol.
Question 3 - 5 I had my biopsy at XXXXXXXXX The gentleman that did had no bedside manner just said I've been doing this a long time and I know 90% it's cancer. Not a good experience for me. All other has been amazing The support from everyone is more than I thought I would receive
Question 42. Should be blank. The staff that were working that evening was incredible non compassionate and some what cruel. I think they thought I was a drug addict. I have this in diagnosed thing where I have these attacks and the attacks are in the middle of my stomach. I have done every test you can do and can't find it. At my next visit to a ED at another hospital I was told that they wrote on my chart for this visit was that I was wallowing in self pity.
Quite satisfied with it A lot of people were there in worse condition than I was in I understand they have to prioritize things.
Really dirty Bed was not clean Bloody gauze all over the floor Scary going into the cubicle REALLY REALLY DIRTY There was no one cleaning the rooms out.
Really happy we were in and out quickly. They had to bring in a specialists and we were still out quickly.
Really positive experience.
Reason for visit was high blood pressure (after hours)
Receive more emotional support.
Receiving treatment sooner. It was a long wait
Reduce wait times
Results were good. My stay had no complaints. Came away very good and I am healing.
Rides more readily available.
Sat in emergency room for 6 1/2 hr because a clinic I went to said I was having a XXXXX because blood pressure was high and all I received was information on high blood pressure diets. From the time I arrive by ambulance not one person check my blood pressure again.
Seems like there is not enough doctors on staff or available. Not enough nurses either. The Cutbacks are obvious. The Cleaning of the hospitals are not done as well as they were when they were in house.
Shorten time between diagnosis and treatment - Lessen interruption to regular life
Shorter wait times in the chemo suite
So I was there for 7 hours??? so a really long time. During that time she wasn't seen by a nurse or doctor??? it was very busy that night and I understand that but I left because there was no end in sight and she was sleeping at that point and I feel like she would have gotten a better sleep at home. The staff were very short with everyone??? not just me. The staff didn't read her chart to see that she had an ultrasound earlier in the week to rule out anything else. She continued XXXX XXXXX throughout the night and that's why I brought her back. The nurse did talk to me before I left without looking at her chart and said that when XXXX XXXXXX they would rather just stay home??? when I explained the situation she said "well you should stay and be seen by a doctor" and when I said I was already there 7 hours they were rude and said they are working as fast as they can. I think they should get to know their patients a little better. I realize emergency rooms are busy but they should pay more attention to their patients??? I had told the triage nurse her history.
So impressed with the services??? whole experience was amazing. Parking was hard to find during the day??? other than that 100% amazing.
Someone needs to be watching the people in the hospital. Someone dropped their kids off for almost 2 hours to play before coming to get them. !!!
Sometimes ER it is really good but parents are scare and need reassurance. Some of the nurses and clerks don't have compassion to reassure the. No compassion in Triage. They look at you blankly just say next we are not a deli. They are not welcoming and they are the first face that you see.
Sometimes like last time there wasn't any other patient so my child got a quicker response. But the few times before I had been with my other children and I had to wait too long. My son XXXX XXXXX XXXX and they didn't care and I waited till 3 AM in the morning and sometimes they neglect their patients and sometimes they're very good. They need more attentive staff.
Sometimes office staff was grumpy. The front line. Everything else was good.
Sometimes they don't explain enough about what the procedure does maybe they could say that an xray doesn't show anything but breaks. Maybe they could give you more information about the procedure.
Sooner follow up appointment I haven't had one yet and it's been 6 months and I am not booked until XXX Makes for a lot of stress.
Sort of I guess it wasn't very good. Never heard this from a dr. in my life. Tried to tell me my condition was coincidental. My XXXXXXX XXXXXXX XXXX before I went in for the same thing and it did end up being XXXXX XXXXX and the dr. blew us off when I suggested that and had a numbers issues and you know how dr.'s get when you are poor or something and I wasn't acting like that. They were very disrespectful horrible experience not only on that level. There have been others gone there with bad experience where they had given someone Hep C. Wouldn't refer the hospital to anyone.
Staff @ RESCUE should know more not to take BP where there is an IV. Nurses should know if an IV is (unreadable) and take it out ASAP because it hurts. Overall staff are great ***
Staff is great All organized. Love the staff and appreciate that.
Staff was great wait time was a little bit to long.
Stay was good staff was good. Some patients were kind of noisy.
Strange not to have any directions or anyone at the ER to tell me where to go as an outsider to the area.
Stress - My wife XXXX. and we now get XXXX help.
Sure helped me out??? good advice.
Sure. So although my care was adequate and good at one point a patient who was next to me I don't feel that he got the attention and care that he was deserving. I feel the nurses could have been far more attentive to him and his situation and his inability to take care of himself.
Survey is too late coming out. You are lucky I have a very good memory. XX
Takes maybe a little too long but we are very lucky that we are in Canada.
Terrific spot.
Thank you for asking. Literally, nothing at XXXXXXXXXX could be changed to better my experience there. As a survivor of XXXXXX the, at times, problematic HR issues (problematic for me!) were resolved by me meeting with coordinators of radiation treatment who listened compassionately to my concerns. Talking directly to compassionate radiation therapists also helped me feel empowered. As a side note, and because no one will ask, I will say the wait time between biopsy and results after initial mammogram at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX screening program, as well as wait time for results of pathology post - surgery was too long and I never got an answer why for that one (3 weeks post-biopsy, 8 weeks post surgery at XXXXX) - sat on pathologists desk completed over XXXXXXXXXX long weekend so I was told.
Thats why I go to XXXXXXXXXXXX??? there is hardly a wait time.
The after care was the only thing that was concerning. She had XXXX and they gave her the medicine through the mask??? it was like 3 am??? we were basically told to go home with no other information or follow up. She had another attack XXXXXX XXXXXXX and I took her to XXXXXXX. They (XXXXXXXX) were excellent when we were there??? they did what they needed to do ... it was just the release ... at 3 am with no nothing. After 6 hours of not being able to breath it was just a little concerning. No information provided about what to watch for. This particular night they were busy??? I think for them it was just so late in the night.
The ambulance was tied up with me for three hours before they were able to leave me with somebody. By the time I got to see the hospital staff my issue was subsiding.
The assumption that the patients know whats going on??? where we are going??? what's wrong etc. We are not given enough direction. When I ask a question I got answers with a lot of attitude. There needs to be better communication and understanding and they need to patient with the patient's that come into the emergency department.
The building itself is very run down. They do not have the faculties needed to provide adequate health services. Wait times is sometimes not acceptable.
The cancer doctors are too busy and do not have very much time to visit with you and care for you. More staff is needed.
The care at XXXXXXXXXX was excellent. We have not yet received a call for a follow up PET scan. Hopefully we will soon.
The care I received was fast efficient and they helped me immensely.
The care that I have received, in the past XX years, with Dr XXXXXXXX has been excellent I would not change anything!
The care was good the wait room needs updated and the waiting timers need addressed.
The care was very good first time I went to a hospital in XXXXXXXX first time in Canada. The staff was very good they speak to me very good about my condition and explain everything to me. I had a concussion and I was not understanding at first. I was hearing voices but could not see but slowly came back. Things got clearer and I could understand. Paramedics were very good. Everything was very professional.
The child life specialist that was on that day was amazing and I wanted to put in a special note. She was amazing and she went above and beyond.
The child life specialist was INCREDIBLE!!! She was amazing and helpful. She made the visit bearable!!!
The communication was bad with my family. My wife would call the hospital many times and nobody answered to say an update..
The day I visited the hospital there were more patients than doctors available. - *People had been waiting since 10am when I arrived at 5:30pm.
The disappointment we had in the visit to XXX on XXXXXXXXXXXXX is when we tried to get the doctor to take an x-ray of XXXXXXX's back he wouldn't do it and as it turned out months later XXXXXXX was still complaining about his back and his pediatrician Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX had the x-ray taken of XXXXXXX's XXXXXX and sent it to Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX our family doctor. Upon receiving the x-ray Dr. XXXXXXX saw a fracture in XXXXXXX's XXXXwhich would have been caught had the dr. in emergency on XXXXXXXX taken the x-ray. Dr. XXXXXXX had taken an MRI and confirmed the fracture. When you come into emergency and ask the dr. to take an x-ray we are not asking him to do anything crazy XXXXXXX was screaming and his back was hurting. His back went unchecked the first and second time so I was so disappointed by XXX and I had held them in very high esteem as they had done such good things for so many people including my nephew. Being involved in the media I have been involved in raising funds for them and when I needed them they were not there for my son. A lot of people in this town and surrounding areas do a lot in raising funds for them and I don't mind as I said they help a lot of kids but when it came time to help my son they dropped the ball and it did not need to be dropped. They left my son walking around XXXXXXXXX in his back for no reason except laziness.
The doc should be more clear with information and explain what is really going on regardless of the patients reaction. At the end of the day its better to know than not know. I was left with vague info so its better to give more explanation then not to explain fully. Plus do not give confusing explanation for example one doctor said there was fluid then another doctor said it was XXXXXXX. The doctor preforming the tube insertion said to me that they knew it was XXXXX but didn't want to tell me. I would rather get more explanation but if the patient will freak out then tell the next of kin what is going on.
The doctor and the nurses were amazing that day and not having a mental breakdown while dealing with the situation. They were very caring and helpful. They valued my opinion and I appreciated everything they did. They were awesome.
The doctor asked me how long I thought it would be off work and I told him he wrote it down and said that sounds fair but he wrote the wrong date. Then when I asked him about it he said I can't change it now. So they ask me and then they write it down wrong and won't change it.
The doctor did not listen to me I felt like he really disregarded what I said and my concerns. I was sent as an emergency patient from another doctor and I was still not taken seriously. He did not care he did not listen to me or anything I said. It was a terrible experience dealing with him. For this reason I would not return to XXXXXXXXXXXX
The doctor got an emergency call and took a very long time to come back. The tests concluded what was wrong so it worked out okay but I wish the doctor came back sooner or had explained why she was leaving. The nurse who took my blood took the needle out of my arm very aggressively. I went to put my shirt on and my arm was bleeding.
The doctor I had was excellent and saw my XXXXXXXX two out of the three times we were there. He is able to comfort and make a child feel safe which helps avoid the child being scared of him or being in the hospital.
The doctor on duty was extremely accomodating. He gave me the facts.
The doctor refused to do an xray CT scan or MRI. I ended up having to wait 2 months to get one. I then found out that I have XXXX XXXXXX in my next which could have been treated that very day if she listened to me
The doctor that took care of me had a great bedside manner. It was nice to have that. He was very caring and friendly.
The doctor the way she treated me not good very bad experience with specialist doctor
The doctor was amazing. One nurse and one housekeeper was very rude to my daughter they were not very understanding of her sistuation.
The doctor was not very helpful. He didn't give me documentation or follow-up. I felt they were reluctant in providing care because they thought in my case it was not necessary which was annoying.
The doctor was super rude. I was questioned on what I was allergic to as a child and they said it was impossible. When they gave me medicine I had an allergic reaction but the nurse said it was fine. The nurse said that she didn't care because she was finished his shift. My sister grabbed another nurse and nothing got resolved regarding my issue.
The doctor was very nice and good with children. He knew how to act and what to say to make it fun for children it was great.
The doctor who confirmed my diagnosis was on my visit was too blunt but he did say it the way it was & I was set up with a team at XXXXXXXXXX right away & have nothing but praise as to how I was treated & looked after & the only thing possibly that I would change is how I was told, but I do realize and appreciate the fact that the doctor was straightforward about my diagnosis.
The doctor who stitched up my finger was excellent. It took too long to see somebody. A normal visit.
The doctors asked if you had a history of XXXXX XXXXXX ??? so they didn't check it. So I found it perplexinig that they did not check it. But it took months more to figure it out through your family doctor??? plus I had to see every specialist they told me to in the Emerg for non related problems.
The doctors should consider what individuals know about themselves.
The Dr forgot to give us the results of the test??? and it ended up being a nurse who asked us why we were still sitting there.
The dr's are great. The hospital is friendly, it's inviting. I am proud of my doctor She's given me 12 years when I only had 2
The ED was very dirty; there was not enough seats for everyone. The entire time I was there I had to stand and I went in with chest pains so I was very uncomfortable. Everyone was very nice but it was very dirty and not enough seats or room or to social distance.
The emergency department helped me a lot in removing my cast and putting a new one on. It helped a lot??? and reduced the pain. The doctor that put the cast on me was excellent.
The emergency department is overloaded. In my case I didn't have any problem, but I have noticed that some people had to wait a long time. The nurses and doctors are overworked and don't know how to cope.
The Emergency Department is very slow. I always end up waiting for 5 or 6 hours. The doctor did not come before that. It's terrible and I would rather stay at home.
The emergency department which I visited a few times is unbearable. While the hospital was excellent.
The emergency departments are understaffed and they take too long to get patients seen??? and not enough doctors to take care of patients. I think they are underfunded and short on staff especially on the night shifts.
The Emergency Room was filthy. The doctor didn't care about my problem.
The fact that I was very pleased with the treatment. SO much so that I sent a donation to the foundation.
The fact that the language barrier with the physician was challenging at times as we had to ask him to repeat it often and I was embarassed by that??? and I could sense he was getting frustrated. I will be blunt??? they need better English speaking doctors because from a patients point of view it is very concerning.
The fact that we sat in emergency and no one talked to us for six hours. The nurses weren't rude but the doctors were. There were two that were okay and good but there were two that weren't. One told me that if you're breathing and not dying don't come to emergency. The past 6 months has been hell for me but I feel that I have been mistreated because I am overweight. I feel like a number and they don't care. I don't feel going to the emergency. I worked in a hospice before and the confidentiality of the nurses at the hospital is lacking. They were talking about someone dying in a room and they were having a full-on conversation about it at the main desk.
The faculty could use work. The food was inedible. It was bad. That did not make things pleasant. Difficult to recover when you can't eat.
The family dr. had great issues in trying to contact my surgeon when I was re diagnosed as this is my XXXXX with XXXXXX Many, many attempts to contact her were not responded to. It took over a month for her office to respond to a request for a appointment.
The first chemo therapy nurse was awesome. The 2nd chemo nurse was good, but lousy w/ the IV needle. Also, kind of patronizing - a sweet girl, but (unreadable) to impress me w/ her knowledge. Huge long lasting bruises & I'm not on blood thinners.
The first doctor that checked me was a resident doctor??? I felt that he over exaggerated my case saying that I might need an XXXXXXXXX - while the other doctors simply told me I would just need blood work done. If I was an anxious person that would have scared me.
The food is awful They bring it in and it is cold The gravy dried out the selection is poor. I was at the general surgery for my XXXXX. After surgery they send me to rehabilitation I had XXXXXX . I was in rehabilitation for XXX. I was delirious and I almost XXXXX My friend asked the nurse are you gonna do something She said no and said I just have allergy reaction. I was delirious I still suffer from it now I was depressed because of it I even wanted XXXXXX XXXXXXXX I think the XXXXXXX failed People did try at the hospital The people just don't have the facility or resource I was transferred to 7 different room through 2 nights stay I lost my personal belongs. They need to have serious look at the the XXXXXXX. I was in XXXXXXX for surgery At first they will not even admit me in It took a long time to get my surgery Never want to go back there. I will rate service for 0 or 1.
The food is not very nice
The food is terrible. They have to get someone new in there.
The food was absolutely terrible. I wouldn't feed it to my dog.
The food was lousy. I lost 24 pounds while I was in there.
The food was not that great.
The food was really bad. You would always get coconut pudding.
The food was terrible.
The food was very disgusting. Really and truly. I was not really sick this time and when you are sick food does taste bad but I was not sick and it still taste bad. Not their fault but they do what they have to do. Nurses are worked off their feet they try their best. Some patients were horrible to them.
The general hospital experience was far better then any other experience then I have had in any other hospital??? including the other ones in XXXXXXXX??? and they need to follow their example.
The government need to give more money so there can be less wait times
The hospital empty at that time in mid time still I have to wait long time to see a doctor. No body in ER to received for us.
The hospital is dirty all the time. The waiting room is disgusting. Seats??? dirt on the floor??? garbage on the floor. It doesn't matter when you go it's always dirty.
The hospital is not caring PT's. Short of nurses doctors and staff.
The hospital is run down. It takes 3-4 hours just to seeing anyone in the hospital. it's not a great hospital at all. I will drive to XXXXXXXX to avoid this hospital??? which is a 30 minute drive versus a 5 minute drive. The hospital is dated and it looks just like it's out of a horror movie. It needs renovations quiet badly.
The hospital is so cold and it was freezing even the staff was complaining about the temperatures and in the waiting room people were getting sweaters and asking for blankets.
The hospital staff were absolutely fabulous very caring Id recommend this hospital to anyone.
The hospital takes a long long time to be able to see me. I was in an accident. They did not tell me not to apply pressure to my wound.
The hospital was good.
The hospital was not answering properly not even with the relatives they were wasting time and not follow up in the front desk emergency area.
The issue that I had was the dr. The doctor did not address my pain needs and just passed me aside. She didn't listen to my complaints or problems but I felt she was treating me like a drug addict because I was in excruciating pain. And I have no history of drug abuse.
The largest problem with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the ridiculous wait times. I understand my issue (or other people's) may not be that important to nurses who deal with this all the time) but 4-6 hrs & watching several nurses chit chatting doesn't help!
The last time I was there there was a male nurse I asked him if he was new because I go there often and his attitude was off the chart and I was mad because he was being rude
The lead time from lab checkin to infusion is way too long. Long sitting time Try + set appointments per patient lifestyle *Self employed have to continue to work
The long time I spent there. One of the residents said I could leave after 24 hours and his superior said he had to stay. In the end they checked the test and it was negative and I could go. But I felt I spent too long waiting for my case.
The main issue with the hospital is that we arrvied late there was no indication of a doctor. It took three hours before a doctor was on staff. We got there at 3 am and we were seen at 7 am and no one was in the waiting room.
The main reason XXXX went to the emerg. was for XXXXXXX in a freak accident and he did not appreciate the doctor's diagnosis. They did not listen to XXXX??? and told him that it was XXXXXXX and XXXX knew it wasn't??? because of earlierXXXXX he had in the XXXXXX. So after x-ray??? the doctor in emerg referred him to a specialist who also told him it was XXXXXXX based on doctors transcript from emerg. XXXX said they agreed to do an MRI first??? and when XXXX went back to specialist for results of MRI just yesterday??? the specialist did not have results. So XXXX is concerned about his future because of the healthcare system in place at this time. He does not feel that they listen.
The nurse - he left me sitting in the bed. It seemed to be an inconvenience for him to even show me where the bathroom was. The doctor told him to clean up my arm as it was a very XXXX XXXXXX The nurse said it was the end of his shift I had a long rough day go ahead and clean it yourself. You don't want me to do it because I will be rough and it will just hurt. He ended up walking to me the exit and left me there. The doctor was great. Very gentle and kind.
The nurse that was dealing with us was great, and deserves some recognition. Very positive, friendly and polite and seeemed to enjoy her job. They also need more staff, that was the problem with the wait time too, eh.
The nurse that was giving me a needle was careless I had a XXXX inserted while in surgery and there was no problem however after wards the same nurse that was careless was trying to put the XXXXX in and as a result I ended up being in pain. 3 times my XXXXX plugged 3 times I had my XXXXXXr pulled. About the 4th time they asked me if anyone has shown us how to clean it. This is strictly the emergency care I am a XXXXX and had to go to pre op when I had my XXXXX it seemed like everyone forgot that I was XXXXX and had to go to pre op when I had my XXXXXX it seemed like everyone forgot that I was XXXXXX Know one seemed to know my diagnosis. It was like it didn't exist. The surgery part of my visit was fantastic! The pre before the surgery was fine except how could they not tell the other part of the hospital what to give me dosage wise. I was so upset about the insulin that I almost went to the media. It was outrageous. But nothing to do with the XXXXXX just pre opt care.
The nurse who looked after me was an angel in disguise??? the time that I spent there seemed to go by very fast the more time she spent with me. I liked it very much I was very pleased with her care.
The nurses and doctors were excellent the front clerks seemed a little grumpy. Other than that the quality of care was really great.
The nurses didn't put up an effort to come and check on us ??? or offer any more care. No effort to engage with us instead they were laughing and joking around with the other nurses. However that being said that is the first time I have run into issues like this.
The nurses doctors a and healthcare providers had good bed side manner but the wait times were very long and the med staff didn't seem like they had the time to spend with you
The nurses in the ward need to talk better and greet patients better Most nurses I came across were rude and it was very frustrating to call them 10 times for them to show up when you are in pain. Except that everyone was amazing.
The nurses was really rushed So many patients Need more funding for our public health We need them not to be exhausted. So we need more staff. There was a lot of crowding as well Took long time for a room to clear. Need more space Don't have people stuck in places So basically more funding for the hospital.
The nurses were fantastic. The best stay in my life I cannot say enough about XXXXXXXXXX.
The nurses were very good The cleaning staff was very kind The doctor were very unprofessional and GI team is very good The patients over flow is not very safe in common area They were not follow the line rules
The nurses were very rude and they wanted me to get home quickly. I was waiting for them to get me down stairs my wheelchair they asked me what I was waiting for. My era of XXXXXXX if we treated patients like that we would have been fired. I did not sleep at all they were treating the other people it was insulting. I was ashamed to be a XXXXX when I could see what was going on. I was greatful to get out.
The nursing care on the ward was awesome.
The oddly reference of rating such a high visit I'd had a back problem for a couple of days and my wife wanted to take me I said I didn't want to go and sit for three or four hours and this was the best visit I've had.
The one thing is the ambulance the paramedics were excellent and I was very impressed there was 3 of them who got me on oxygen right away they did a great job. They were the most outstanding to me that day.
The only complaint I had was that I was released on XXXXX - went back to XXX XXX after supper on XXXXXXXXX - they took blood and CT scan - I was shaking uncontrollably and I couldn't breathe - they told me to get on the stretcher and I couldn't but they made me - XXXXXXXX - they said they couldn't find anything and sent me home at 5 am XXXXXX morning - I was in so much pain but I was so mad that I wouldn't go back there so XXXXXX morning I drove myself to the hospital in XXXXXX - the admitted me for 2 weeks because they did a XXXXXX - XXXXXXXX XXXXX XXXXXXXX - they were contemplating surgery - the surgeon there put another pik line in me - I was so upset because XXX let me go at 5 am on XXXXXX and said all my tests came back normal when I had XXXXX XXXXXX - and now my XXXXX XXXXXX really bad and I have a XXXXX from all the XXXXXXX. So that's the only thing I have a complaint about.
The only complaint that I have is that they rushed me out at the time of the discharge. It was a holiday weekend and they didn't give me any pain meds. Thankfully we were able to find a pharmacy that was open. The other problem is that I had XXXXX surgery and XXXXXX XXXXX XXXXX . I was not told to follow-up with anyone. Two months later the XXX surgeon removed the plastic from my XXXX . After that I XXXXXXX
The only concern I have is when the doctor was doing my physical exam??? I was exposed and another patient opened the curtain. The doctor tried to be polite but could have been a lot more assertive to not let this happen. I was very frustrated??? and disheartened by the way it was handled. I was the one to yell at the patient to get out. The procedure I had done is usually done while the patient is awake. Because of my pain levels the doctor decided to put me under to aleviate this. It was greatly appreciated. My nurse??? XXXXXXXX???? treated me like a person not a patient. She spoke to me in words I can understand and I greatly appreciated this.
The only concern was the length of time it took for care. My husband was trotting around looking for food you can't go around without food or liquids in the hospital. I was in a fairly large curtained off area and on my visits to the washroom I went through areas where they had no privacy and I felt sorry for all the others and so crowded but it was unbelievable and all the beds lined up and the spaces were so narrow. I felt sorry for those people.
The only issue I had with the entire stay had nothing to do with the staff someone had spilled trail mix all over the waiting room and my son has an anaplastic reaction to nuts and I had to go ask someone to clean it up. They did come and clean it up right away but I don't how long it had been sitting there.
The only issue was because of wearing masks that some of the information got lost. It was hard to communicate.
The only issue was the wait the doctor was fab and he was kind. It was good. The care was good. The only problem is the closer you're brought in to the shift change the longer is the wait. We were there in the late afternoon and we stayed out the in the hall way until 7 o clock then we got into the designated area. But they were really busy the care was good.
The only problem I had I was there number of days keep asking if I could get my hair wash. They keep saying we will try but they didn't thought they could have made more of an effort to that. It may seemed like a small thing but it was very uncomfortable for me. XXXXXX The day I went to ED it was awful XXXXX XXXXX . Already sick and uncomfortable it just added to my distress. One doctor and one nurse was on the gruff side but not too bad Other than that they were all superb.
The only reason I gave a lower score on nurse and doctor attendance is that they are so busy that they don't have time to spend with you personally. I was in no way neglected but wish it didn't take so long to get to see a doctor and that nurses could check on you more often.
The only reason I went in was I had a XXXXX XXXXXX but I had XXXX XXXX previously and only have a XXXXX of my XXXXX XXXX remaining. When I googled it to see if this infection would affect my XXXXX It said it would so I got scared and went in. When I got there I started to feel better and felt that I shouldn't have come to the hospital; however then I was diagnosed with the XXXXX XXXXXX and I am still on antibiotics.
The only recommendation that I would make (reluctantly, as it is mince in overall scale) is the waiting time lapse between the decision to move on the treatment option chosen and the first actual treatment. Admittedly, a somewhat self serving comment because I am extremely grateful for the consideration, compassion shown.
The only thing I found odd was that I went to an XXXXX XXXXX XXXX c and they thought I needed further care and was sent to the ER where I had to sit and get rebooked. I feel I should of been pushed ahead oppose to having to pick another number and wait all over again.
The only thing I have a problem with is when they went to close my vein they tried to burn it and it didn't work so they attempted to freeze it which was very painful. Everything else was good .
The only thing I need to add is that ... it has to do with the doctor. I was discriminated against from the doctor because of an issue he had with me from another hospital in XXXXXXXXX. Also another doctor at XXXXXXXX is related to another doctor at XXXXXXXXX. For those reason I was discriminated against and deliberately refused help.
The only thing I wanted to say??? becasue I didn't learn until after when I saw the Oncologist??? was that they were surprised that I was doing and buying my own bandaging and that I should have been given a wound specialist and since then I've been getting the supplies from them??? so I haven't been paying for them and that's been a treat. I learned that I shouldn't have been sent out without at least being told what I should be doing for the time being.
The only thing I would say is in the waiting room, I found the seating very uncomfortable, I wasn't feeling well and it was quite a long wait. My son and his wife thought that same thing too. Other than that, I have no complaints.
The only thing I would say is she went in thinking it could have been a stress fracture or overuse of the foot. She was having difficulty walking and they still wanted her to walk to get an x-ray and just more assistance when she had trouble putting weight on the foot.
The only thing I'd like to share is that when I did get there for help in the ER room. I waited a good 2 to 3 hours before even being sen by a nurse. Then the nurse was very good she put me in the room. She saw how much pain I was in. I waited another couple hours towards seeing a doctor then they gave me the medication in a drop. then the nurse didn't tell me what it is and I was allergic to it. and nobody asked. and then 4 hours they sent me to XXXXXXXXX. they sent me down their for a CAT scan. and I had a melt down from the medication. thought I as gonna die from it. And when the nurse when I left the hospital from XXXXXXX to XXXXXXXX. the nurse said she would ride with me. She dumped me into the taxi. and sent me back to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX by my self. had the CAT scan and was sent back in a taxi not even an ambulance. and no help from anybody. and i ended up going to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and i had the best treatment you can ask for. The hospital doctor nurses and were beautiful beautiful hospital.
The only thing is the wait time, it was pretty bad. We got there at 5 pm, and we didn't get in until 9:30 pm
The only thing that got me a little bit was there were people that were waiting and waiting and waiting and an ambulance would come in and they would get bumped. There was someone there that was definitely in pain and they kept telling them they were next they were next and an ambulance would come in and they would get bumped.
The only thing that I can say is that I've been through the emergency quite a few times and nobody seems to know what my pain is from. So I'm still waiting. And it's not only the ER I've been to so many doctors for the same thing.
The only thing that I found I broke the back of my left hand the nurse didn't seem to ... the doctor had ordered a splint and the nurse put on the thing you put on for carpal tunnel when the doctor had requested a split which is completely different and I had to wait almost 2 weeks to have this thing switched over. I had to go see a plastic surgeon then make an appointment for this hand XXXXXXXXXXXX.
The only thing they could do better is easier access to drinking water.
The overall experience was very positive and helpful.
The paramedics are tied up for such a long time. I felt like they were spending hours when they could be doing something more productive.
The parking prices were terrible. To expensive for something that is necessary.
The parking system is not great and expensive
The people who pick you up in an ambulance are absolutely terrific.
The physician was poorly qualified and did not even physically examine in the 7 hours before he sent me home and was very ignorant.
The previous 2 times I was in the emergency staff was incredible. I can't say enough about how grateful I am.
The provincial gov. needs to stop reducing the number of nurses in our hospitals??? especially the emerg. depts. especially with the aging population. Same problem with doctors.
The Pt felt that it would be better to tell her own story than to follow the structure of the questions. She had the following to say: There was an incident at her registration and it seemed as if they had lost her file after triage and she was left waiting far beyond what was reasonable. Additionally even though she was a nurse herself she found that the doctor talked down to her about he situation throughout the visit.
The questions did not specifically address the reason for the visit. My child is receiving on-going care and XXXX XXXXXXXt and we had to have a new one put in.
The reason i'm so disturbed about the visit is I was giving papers advising he had XXXXX XXXX and advising that he needed to see a pediatric surgeon. Instead of getting me that follow up with the surgeon they sent files to my family doctor saying my child had XXXX XXXXXX
The receptionist could have been much nicer.
The registration was great and said since no one was there I was told I wouldn't wait long then something happened at XXXXXXXX and everyone was re-routed here. After 3 hours I saw people coming and going and they said they called me but they never called me and they said that a doctor came and I said this but I never did; they kept contradicting themselves. I got excited when I saw people coming and going and I only needed stitches. I asked to see a Manager and I saw one then I got a doctor and I was told that they were surprised I was still here. It was late and I was tired.
The resident was very pleasent??? but in terms of his physical assessment he could of done a better thorough assesment that his supervisor conducted. Because of certain mental aspects of my XXXX XXXXXX I am thankful that the nurses were there to give me the proper care that I needed. The nurses were very friendly??? I am glad they were there it was very nice to speak to another human while I was going threw some XXXX XXXXX
The rooms were in poor repair. The showers we're being used for waste receptacles. During the day the nursing staff was present but during the evening you couldn't find a nurse. My nurse came in at 12:15am to give me an IV. I asked how long and she said 25 minutes but she didn't come back. Another nurse came in at 2:30am and didn't know how to take out the IV. I didn't see the original nurse again until 6:30am. I don't know if they were sleeping or what they were doing. I was near the nursing station and I heard bells ringing all night not being answered.
The schedule for treatment wasn't always complete. Doctor's appointments were missed. We had to follow up to have them included. Radiation dates had to change and others added at our request to let correct number. No coordination between departments with respect to schedule. Many changes as to time of radiation & chemo if on same day.
The service has always been good.
The service was excellent.
The side effects of my treatment were described, but the actual experience differed and post-radiation sexual function has not been as expected and some more detail would have been helpful.
The speed??? I hit it on a good day when there is hardly anyone there and it still took a long time. The doctor did apologize for the long wait and he was very polite and he did everything. The waiting is just ... just so long. You don't want to go and yet you have to go.
The staff at the reception desk was not that friendly but once past the desk the staff is very friendly.
The staff did a wonderful job as they were clearly under pressure. I was in the emerg for a day and a half before I got a bed even though I was already admitted. The system is just stretched to the limit.
The staff full marks for the care I got.
The staff I dealt with the first 6 months of XXXX were amazing. I was there frequently and they always answered questions and were so attentive. Keep up the good work.
The staff in general was kind and helpful. The doctors that I saw, those doctors were very condescending and a little bit rude to be honest.
The staff is amazing there and the wait is a little long.
The staff was amazing and very nice. Unfortunately??? though the problem could not be diagnosed??? they worked very hard on my behalf.
The staff was good but the waiting room and the bathroom is kind of dirty. Otherwise it was good experience.
The staff was great, the wait was pretty lengthy
The staff were excellent in particular the nurses.
The staff were great??? care was appropriate. The time you have to wait for the assessment is too long. I had chest pain. The facility is not inviting and is filthy. Its a great facility with amazing specialties. They just need to fix up the waiting area in the emerg. The care is excellent.
The staff were great??? it is totally underfunded and it is too busy and takes too long. The staff are great but when you have to wait 9 hours in the waiting room its ridiculous. The nurses are excellent but when you're crammed like that what do you expect? When you have to wait long its ridiculous
The staff were very nice No complaints to staff Some of them need a little attitude adjustment. I think all n all I had a good visit.
The state of the emergency room was in very poor cleanliness condition. The floors??? waiting room and reception area was filthy. There is no reason for the state of the ER to be like that. It was difficult to be there.
The surgeon was fabulous and follow visits were fabulous my surgery was well and I was doing well. The XXXX came to talk to me but physio said I had to have a walker before I came home and I did not have one. One nurse was threatening me to go home. I said I can't call XXXXXXX at 10 pm at night. She said they will send you in a taxi. They should not expect people to go home at midnight I live by myself. It was not my fault the walker was not there. I had XXXX XXXX how would I get from the taxi to my door. That was very very upsetting. Everything was good but it was destroyed by that nurse. Very please overall but that one incident cause a lot of anxiety did not sleep well and worried about a lot of stuff. The nurse did not need to push it because if I did not have what I needed I could not go. I was slated XXX days at the end of the first day this all happen. Why be so aggressive?
The things that stood out was lack of communication between hospitals and doctors/nurses. He was transfered from another ER and all the documents were sent. They were short staffed, and had to borrow nurses from other floors. They did put him ahead of another patient which was great. Parking was also very confusing, not label properly in the dark. I did really like the car shaped strollers and the cafe was open so we could get some food. The hospital is also poorly advertised on the highway, there are 2 hospitals and one will bring you out across town. We were very pleased to get care for him.
The treatment at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX they treated me very well. Only one thing I would change waiting time. This happened 3 yrs ago.
The Triage nurse berated me for coming in and said why are you here? You are filling up a bed! The doctors/nurses in ER were great were totally opposite - they encouraged me to come in.
The triage nurse that night was extremely rude. She asked my XXXXX what had happened and as he started to explain, she cut him off and said "we don't need the long story." She was probably too old to deal with children and should be reassigned!
The triage nurse was awesome- I was in pain and ended up having a panic attack- she worked me through it. She was amazing- so compassionate. I thanked her on the way out if it wasn't for her I wouldn't be able to get through it. This was just at the front- the person that takes the information. I was very happy with the way I was treated.
The wait for the emergency was quite long.
The wait is very long and the nurses had to offer him medication mid way through waiting because his condition was worsening
The wait time could be a bit shorter.
The wait time in the waiting room was way to long that was about 5 hrs
The wait time to see the doctor is usually 2 to 3 hours even when there is only one or two patients ahead of us in the waiting room. The hospital needs an update. I know we are fortunate enough to have a small hospital in our community but we try to avoid going to it because of the wait times. We will go to our family doctor or another hospital first.
The wait time was amazing
The wait time was very long and they did not monitor my heart until they put me in an exam room. I felt abandoned and was not advised they were waiting for a room for me until my husband went to complain. The question regarding race is irrelevant I am a human being regardless of my race. My husband XXXX XXXXXy when he was younger and he says comparatively the service is terrible. I get the impression myself that people who work in hospital's now consider it a job not a profession and do not take any pride in there work.
The wait time was very long. I had to wait for an hour before they could find a spot for me.
The wait time was way too long??? like 8 hours. I had to keep asking for updates on when I would be seen and it was very unclear.
The wait times are horrible but I think that is pretty standard everywhere.
The wait times are incredible??? however everyone is great there and treat me well.
The wait times are too long.
The wait times are way too long. When I had gone to the place it was empty and there were only 3 people but it still took over three hours. The doctor was having lunch but that was ridiculous it should have been better managed manage the expectation - that is their biggest issue. It would have been helpful to know the lunch hour.
The wait times before you get your chemo infusion are sometime to long, witch also can cause a lot of anxiety on patients, who are in the waiting room. More nurses are the answer for the chemo clinic.
The wait times between seeing a doctor and the triage nurse is too long. This needs to be worked on.
The wait times could wait one hour or more to see dr when you are feeling tough, it is too long. I have been coming for a year and not once was I seen at my appt time.
The wait to get a CAT scan took a very long time.
The wait was long.
The waiting room area was overcrowded. It is extremely small, and while I was waiting to be seen, I was not able to take a seat and I felt like I was going to pass out.
The waiting room was filthy because I think there are too many people in the waiting area and I think they need to enlarge the waiting room so that the cleaners can clean more easily
The waiting room was very uncomfortable and very underestablished.
The waiting time
The waiting time for consultations with various doctors was very disappointing. When numerous doctors are involved the months of waiting add up and your situation gets progressively worse.
The waiting time is not good.
The waiting time was long.
The waiting time was very long. Especially for my daughter. XX
The waiting time. I had to call XXXXXX to stay with my XXXXX because I had to go to work. Everything else is perfect??? the staff is always so sweet and they do everything they can to help you??? but I don't understand the waiting time; it is too long.
The waiting time. This is the first hospital that I've been in with Congestive Heart Failure that they've made me wait 2 hours not being able to breathe and with chest pains
The whole reason I went is because my doctor told me to go, and they were very dismissive and rude until they did the xray.
The whole reception area is disgraceful. Way too many mentally ill and criminal people in the same area as regular people. It's an intimidating space.
The whole scenario it was a very long wait.
The whole stay was wonderful very very good. I was put into a room where everyone else there was sick so I had to check myself out. So they should work on placement of patients.
The worst occasion I have ever experienced in my life.
The XXXXX XXXXXX receptionist at Chemo Suite. She has been abrupt and outright rude to me. This is not my first experience with her. I personally would not want to be represented by her behaviour Surely the wonderful staff in the chemo suite would prefer that the first person a patient sees when entering to be a polite & upbeat person.
The XXXXXXX has great people who try to help you the best they can.
The XXXXXXXXX was a visit for a small injury but I do want to put down my notes for the last visit at the hospital. The EMT's were absolutely incredible and they calmed me down and gave me kindness. As soon as I got into the hospital and the doctors and nurses gasped at my face and panicked and I had panic attack after their response. One male nurse was the only one who helped me calm down and gave me medication to calm me down and then another nurse came in two minutes later and tried to give me the same medication of morphine and adavan and she wouldn't believe that I already got my shots and she went and checked that I had got my medication. No doctors spent more than 5 mins with me. They didn't explain anything to me. I waited for 2 hours that I was being transferred to another hospital. This hospital is known for long wait times. Nurses are doctors are talking and laughing while patients are waiting outside and waiting in pain. They don't have answers and I recommend to other people not to go to this hospital but we need a hospital in XXXXXXX and this place is falling apart. It is disgusting and too small and tons of staff that don't do anything about any of the patients that come in. They do not seem to actually care. They need better staff. I live in XXXXXXX and I will travel to XXXXXXXX to use their hospital.
The XXXXXXXXXX is top notch! They were amazing!
The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX have both over the past 30 years given me excellent service. Whether it be emergency or hospital stay. They saved my life at the XXXXXXXXXXXX emergency department once. There's been no trouble. I was just disappointed that it took so long and end up with no results. The doctor was busy. The people that were there were not available. I was taking it that the doctor was busy elsewhere or not there. I sat there for almost an hour in that one room and nobody came and I finally went out to get somebody.
The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was the filthiest hospital I've ever seen in my entire life I will never go back to that hospital ever I could not believe all the paper towel in the hospital floors??? it looked like blood and feces and dirt on the walls and on the floor - filthiest hospital I've ever been to my entire life. I will NEVER go back. It was so filthy. I've never seen anything so horrid in my life. Never once did I see any cleaning staff. Dust bunnies blowing around on the floor.
The young lady that was attending to me first when you go in was really kind and helpful and showed the utmost respect
There is more people leaving with bed sores than before as there are more PT's than people to look after them. The Nurses have a lot more PT's there is less staff to look after the PT. The Govt (XXXXXXX & Federal) should look into long term care. I want them to look into hospital. The whole health issues. What happens in long term care is no excuse. I'm now not proud to say Im from Canada as there is no one looking into care. It is ridiculous. Look into hospital care or staffing. Most nurses are very nice and caring but they haven't got anybody on their side. PT's are suffering due to shortage of staff.
There is not enough drs. in the emergency room I waited for one time I was in there three hrs. when I needed care sooner.
There is nothing that I can think of that could make the treatment and the manner in which everyone at XXXXXXXXXX treated me that I would change. They are all true professionals and they all treated me with understanding and respect. The only comment that I would make in regard to some of the answers would be to advise that I initially had my surgery 5 years ago, performed at XXXXXXXXX by Dr. XXXXXXX. It had taken this long for my PSA levels to rise to the level where it became necessary to have radiation treatments as advised by Dr. XXXXX.
There is such little understanding of claustrophobic patients to be non existent.
There needs to be a greater interface between family doc + oncologist. Family doc not comfortable dealing with things that may be related to the cancer or meds side-effects. A clinic for patient's "other" issues that works with oncology would be helpful. - ie dealing with bronchial infections, back pain, etc.
There should be a dermatologist at the XXXXXXXXXX, for quick referrals. Took a year to get an appt with a dermatologist - there is a good chance that skin cancer spread through to develop leiomyosarcoma - lungs, liver, pancreas
There was a couple of times that they forgot to feed me but I didn't say anything because I am normally a quite person. I just think that I was in the hospital twice for the same thing once in XXXX. It was exceptional with everything we have going on with this pandemic. There's really nothing else that you folks could do.
There was a long wait time over 4 hours for my second visit
There was a young man at the receptionist desk and he was exceptionally kind he was amazing. He greeted people he was very special I think.
There was actually one scenario. Was extremely uncomfortable for me. I was actually checked by several doctors. At one point I XXXXX XXXXXX . and I had XXXXX XXXXX surgery. I couldn't bear pain. It was 7 or 10 days after the doctor checked he said there are a lot of people here. If we are able to control the pain we will send you home and one of the doctors said have to do surgery. Then another another doctor checked me and had the surgery. If it was the first doctor, I XXXXX XXXXX XXXXXXX I can't believe that particular apart was not professional especially in that circumstance it is depressing. They might have a professional title. But they might not have the attitude. It is not a correct way to treat someone.
There was nothing wrong with the people but in and of itself like the general atmosphere was terrifying.
There was some confusion on my part about after care I thought they would arrange it but apparently I was supposed to.
There was women in there that was very rude to the nurses and I told the nurse to make sure she put in a complaint and note my name on it. My care was great and she received the same care I did. The nurse even offered to stay with me in the waiting room until my son arrived to pick me up.
There were so many children and all of them were in the same room. My son had XXX and I was afraid.
There were some incidents 1) Patients in the ER were disruptive Very verbal about how the nurses were treated here. She should have been removed from everyone else. 2) My room stay. The may beside was strapped to my bed. He was screaming all night and maybe she should have been sedated. The hospital was very clean.
There were two ambulance attendants and a nurse who were laughing about another patient and their state. They were making very nasty and rude comments. These two ambulance attendants were young and being extremely unprofessional. If I was feeling better??? I would have gotten up and said something to them.
They are always excellent.
They are awesome there.
They are awesome.
They are excellent nurses and doctors, and I got excellent care, but I kinda feel bad for them. I don't even know how they go to the bathroom, it was so busy. But even in their busy-ness they were kind and caring, and I felt better when I left
They are fair.
They are good people. They did a great job. Thank you so much..
They are just amazing
They are just extremely busy but I have no complaints.
They are so understaffed the wait is so long its ridiculous
they are the greatest hospital ever if i have family member i always tell them to go to this hospital
They are under staffed.
They are very good.
They are very slow
They could provide snacks ... you know??? you have go in??? wait??? go out ... snack machines would be a good thing for kids.
They could use more staff.
They did 100% good job. When I left the hospital I was in no pain.
They did a great job I was feeling better. No longer feeling scared.
They did a really good job and got out quickly. Very efficient.
They did not ask about the allegeries I have and I'm allergic to XXXXX. . They did not give me a bracelet so I had to tell everyone that I had this allergy. I had to specify not to give me Aspirin because this could have killed me.
They did not tell me much at the time about my condition. However??? they did provide me with lots of information later on with my follow up care. They also could not do any tests at the time since it was on the fast track and on it's way to delivery. I now have all the information I need and have XXXX XXXX pills.
They did the best they can. I had no problem with them
They did their job and was very understanding.
They did them a lot for him great physician and team there were accident to reach out to patient relations and they took care of it. It was excellent. I work in the hospital as well overall good
They didn't do the part to make sure I had a follow up and they advised they would call me and i had even asked if they had my phone number. They injected my hand with a numbing agent and left and it wore off by the time he came back and he had to XXXX XXXXX It was very disorganized one doctor trying to do everything. Its not as bad as other hospitals but the nurses did the job but a lot of the time they were chit chatting on there phone and not doing anything talking about personal lives.
They didn't even address what I was in there for. They checked me for covid but I had high blood pressure and vertigo.
They didn't even know what was wrong with people It was sad. They didn't go out of their way. They sat at their desk laughing and talking all night long. And they gave a bell so you wouldn't bother them.
They didn't fix me and 2 weeks later I had to go to another hospital.
They dismissed me wrongly as I was told by my family dr and the XXXX XXXX even didn't understand why I had been dismissed. I had tried to argue however I was holding up a 600$ room and there was people in the emergency waiting for it. Even when I went into emergency I had a nurse that wasn't ready for someone who was sick and I had to tell her that I had come in very sick and had some actions that she didn't like. I had asked why she was acting up like this towards me
They do a good job there.
They don't have any blanklets??? when I asked for a blanket they told me they had none??? I had to use my jacket to cover up because I was so cold. I was there 6 hours and still no blanket
They gave me an MRI because I was complaining about headaches. I was appreciative that they treated me so great and that I found out my results.
They had to do a repeat xray because they failed to get the one from the doctors office so I was sent for a repeat xray. My arm was in a sling and they suggested to me I should be taking it out a few times each day. They even referred me to a XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX so that was great. I've never been in emerg during a pandemic and you're not really allowed anyone with you so I didn't have anyone to talk to and I honestly just wanted to get my mind off whole thing.
They had to give me clear fluids and lemon jello is the most revolting thing to have for breakfast when someone comes in I can't always identify if its a doctor a nurse or who or these people its helpful to make sure a name is clear and a position sometimes you make a request and its not their department really appreciated the fresh towels and ability to be clean even gave me a tooth brush y aunt was in another hospital and they didn't offer any of that
They have to more specific about everything. The service is not good. It is like a walk in clinic. There is a long long long wait.
They just sent me home without telling me what I'm supposed to do.
They knew how long I was going through pain and suffering from previous records and they still didn't do anything until I put my foot down until I called the doctor over and told her that they needed to do something about it. After I heard them going on about oh she's been going on since XXXX.
They looked after me superbly.
They misplaced my file and I didn't hear back for my follow up. I never heard back from the specialist I was suppose to see and they called back 2 months later advising the file was misplaced and they apologized.
They need more help and shorter waiting periods
They need more nursing stuff. They did their best but not enough. Makes it tough for everybody.
They need more people at the hospital .
They need more staff having to wait that long there's no other reason to why I waited so long other than the hospital and merge needing more staff.
They need to be more organized. We went from one point to the other and it was completely disorganized. there was a five hr delay and it was far too long. The reason I am bitter about the hospital is because I took my XXXXX there about XXXXX ago and had put him on a gurney. He XXXX XXXXXXXX on the gurney because even 7 hrs into the hospital no doctor saw him. He XXXXXXXXXX and he XXXXX XXXXXX without seeing a doctor.
They need to be more thorough. They did x-rays; however they needed to do more. We had to go to another Emergency Departments and discovered there was a broken bone but it was missed at XXXXXXXX as they did not x-ray that part.
They need to come up with a better system for the paramedics.
They need to do more to reduce patient waiting time. They should have something set up like a walk in clinic because people wait too long.
They need to have someone at emergency at all times. I stood there for 20 minutes or longer knocking on the door with no-one to answer. If it had been something more severe such a gun shot or stabbing or something and was bleeding to death no-one would have known I was there. The stuff that work there are very polite and I was very comfortable with them whether they were male or female. It wasn't busy but every time I was told it would be a half hour to 45 minutes for a test I did not see anyone for 2 or 2 and a half hours.
They need to redo the chairs in the waiting room.
They need to show a little bit more compassion. They weren't busy. Yes we know that covid is there but you know people are scared and you have to be more compassionate with people. I honestly thing the government needs to look at not just the long term care but they need to look into more funding for hospitals as well. They need to show more compassion. Yes I had physical ailments but I was very stressed out. Obviously people are feeling very stressed out mentally when they aren't feeling well physically and they need to pay better attention to that.
They need to take things more seriously??? and he ended up with a XXXX XXXXXX??? but it was not diagnosed properly the first time. They were not sure if he actually had XXXXX XXXXXX They did absolutely nothing. Every single kid there does not have XXXXXXX They need to be more thorough ... it is not always a virus and symptoms can be misleading and be for more than one thing. Should not have to wait 4 to 5 days. Do bloodwork and be gentler with the kids. It's very stressful for the kids.
They need to work on the mental health department. It's disgusting. You have to kick and scream so that they take you seriously. Also need one big revolving door.
They sent me for a CT Scan XXXXXXXXXXX They should have done a more thorough ultrasound. The CT Scan would not have been necessary. The attitude at the ER was very unprofessional.
They should put an ATM in the parking lot. My card would not work when I went to leave. I had to wait for someone to bring me money.
They should take patients seriously.
They took care of me as I expected them to.
They took so long getting to see me that I needed an ultrasound and it was closed by the time they saw me so I didn't get what I needed
They treated me well and I would not hesitate to go back again
They usually don't have a long wait time. > XX
They very courteous and actually cared about your care and go above and beyond to give you the best care.
They were absolutely awesome.
They were absolutely excellent I came in with a sick child and they were wonderful with him. They kept him entertained and let him touch things and were great with him. And that is very hard to do with a sick child.
They were absolutely wonderful. It is close by. They were amazing wonderful.
They were all great people the radiologist girls and the gentleman where so compassion and if you had a question they answer they would answer them Take care XXXXXXXXXXXX
They were all very nice???
They were better than my family doctor is. They figured out the main thing I needed figured out. I'm still having health problems but they figured out what they needed to figure out.
THEY WERE BUSY SO IT WAS UNDERSTANDING??? IT WAS VERY HARD TO GET ANSWERS WHEN YOU ASKED SOMEBODY AT THE DESK IT SEEMED LIKE YOU WERE BOTHERING THEM. I GET IT THAT IT'S A BUSY PLACE BUT YOU HAVE TO HAVE COMPASSION FOR BOTH SIDES.
They were extremely busy, lot of ambulances. Not a great experience but they were extremely busy. I have had better experiences there. People are definitely using that ED.
They were fantastic.
They were good
They were great and it was fantastic.
They were great I wish there were less people sick so when you get there they take you in right away.
They were great.
They were interns they did not make this clear and I think the young doctor was finding anything to placate me and get me out of the emergency. I ended up with a severe XXXXXXXXX problem they kept leaving the room and talking to each other. When returning he gave me a needle in the back but did not explain what it was for. In the end I ended up in another emergency department and it took four doctors to determine the problem. That was probably the worst hospital visit I have ever had he seemed overwhelmed as there were eight ambulances lined up there well.
They were not rude??? my only complaint was I asked a doctor for water and he said he would be right back with it but never came back because he left for shift change. The nurse who came on shift change brought me the water.
They were pretty good I thought I broke XXXXX they got to me as fast as they could did the x-ray and that was it the x-ray staff were really awesome I had broken my XXXXXX last XXXXXXX went to a different hospital and they weren't as nice as the people at this hospital pretty good the doctor was really nice too everybody was just really good.
They were pretty quick and good.
They were quick??? try to attend to patients quicker next time.
They were really good people.
They were really good the doctors were really.
They were really good there.
They were really good they were really busy and said it would be 4 hours but it was couple hours so i was happy. They did a great job for a dislocated arm. I could use it the next day.
They were so nice to us.
They were stellar. In fact the next day I wrote the manager a letter directly thanking them for the care.
They were very attentive. It was just a lengthy waiting time.
They were very good to me.
They were very professional and I really have no complaints.
They were very thorough in checking me out They did everything like xray ultrasound. They gave me medicine to take for indigestion. They lack in compassion It was very almost cold. Like I was a number get her in and get her out type of thing. Even when the ER doctor first came to talk to me I found him very rude. The triage nurse didn't have any compassion
They were very very busy that night but they were trying
They were well organized. Best visit I ever had and I'm XX years old. Good experience.
They're all so nice. They took care of me all day.
They're very professional and provide a very positive environment. The staff try to help you to the best of their abilities.
They've gone out of their way to give good service and they're careful with their procedures and note-taking. They are quick with Triage assessment. Very good service.
This has nothing to do with XXXXXXXXXX??? but about health care services. It sucks. It doesn't address people like me. Half of my brain is gone and I do not qualify for any of the provincial services.
This hospital stay by fare one of the best stays compared to other hospitals. Very thorough They did a great job. Amazing.
This is the initial visit I had to go back three days later because I was hurt. The initial visit i sat in the waiting room and it was a horror show and there was lady there that though she XXXXX XXXX waiting for five hours and decided to leave. There was a mother beside me that was sitting with a child that had XXXX XXXXX and she had been waiting there for five hours. I don't like waiting so I decided to leave and take my chances and three days later I had to go back and they scolded me for leaving the first time and they helped me and I was sent to a specialist. This is the only bad visit I had that particular day was busy and every other visit I've had has been great.
This it was good I was happy with it.
This particular visit there was not enough room to treat everyone and I would have preferred to have a private room for what I was there for
This survey (lol) a lot didn't really apply to my case.
This time I went was quick because they thought I had XXXXX so I got received really fast. Generally other times the waiting period will be a lot longer. It does depend on what time you go where it's easier.
This time was good.
This time was good. But I have had a bad time before. I had a heart infection that they missed in the Fall.
This time we finally got put in contact with the right person to get a diagnosis.
This treatment was okay this time around because there was no line ups. So for this visit it was fine because it wasn't anything to serious. But I have been there on a busy day and the treatment is fairly different.
This visit was for my XX year old XXXX, who broke his nose so I answered for him
This was my first time fighting cancer everyone was caring & professional!
This was probably the best visit I've had there. A lot of the process depends on the severity of the symptoms.
Those 5 days were as a jail and there no hot water in bathroom Nurses were good. Not happy with hospital at all
Thought I had good care.
Timeliness of surgeon response to a request for medication renewed prescription
To be a little more informed about tests and results
To long time to wait for doctor otherwise doctor are good
To many social conversation by staff at registration and at the nursing station. Social conversation between staff should be done at/in the staff room. Not for patient to hear!
To not have cancer anymore.
To quit smoking ASAP I didn't Continued smoking Hospital admitted to XXXXXXXXXXXX was at 4% oxygen, lungs collapsed, 4 litres of fluid came off my lungs, surgical procedure "tube to drain for about 2 weeks Quit smoking "forever" Hospital stay difficult because of different pain med's asked for T3's only, went through withdrawal Pain mgmt now XXXXXXXXXXXX. All other XXXXXXXXX + family doctor Dr. XXXXXXX
To share my experience others to an open session
Too far to go out for smoke.
Too long of a wait time.
Too many doctors looking at me for different reasons which isn't involved with what you went in there for.
Too many things to think about + consider working at -
Too much equipment in hallway Wheelchairs IV poles Carts. Talking should be in confidential Behind the desk you can hear things we should not be hearing. At shift change people sitting on their desk and swinging purses. They put pills in the PT's handa and walk away they are suppose to make sure they are swallowed. Someone should check 3rd floor E or F to fix the air as it was cold in that room. Doing excellent effort in keeping in clean but people coming should use the hand sanitizer but the nurses do. The ED waiting area was freezing very cold cold draft that came in the door open and close. I needed another blanket I am freezing None available. Nothing to keep you warm. 4 hours to get in the bed. Head nurses needs to make rounds once in awhile instead in their office.
Too much time in the hallway I give the ambulance credit. But in the ED you have to wait in the hallway even when you know what is going on you are still in the hallway. Less wait in the hallways. I already know what the problem is I have been there 3 times for the same thing every couple of months. Not a lot they can do except pain medication and not let it burst until it passes.
Took 12 hours before I left there??? and I desperately needed to see the doctor as I was having XXXX XXXXXX
Took longer than expected. But my daughter got the care she needed and that is the main thing.
Took too long for the doctors to come and treat the client??? however nurses were pretty efficient.
Total waste. I'd never go again. I was treated with lack of respect.
Treated pretty good.
Treatment is good Parking not so good and expensive
Treatments at XXXXXXXXXX were satisfying No issues at all Staff very caring and knowledgeable. If I had to go through all stages, XXXXX XXXXXX XXXXXX again, I would do so with no hesitation. Cancer free XXX yrs now Keep up great work Wonderful hospital.
Tremendous service provider and it would be bad if this hospital closed since it has the shortest wait times compared to the other hospitals in the area.
Triage nurse was friendly but made some funny comments. Nurse was writing us off a bit. Waited 3 or 4 hours between triage and seeing a doctor. This nurse is known as a bully. The physician called the next day to see how we were doing. That was really reassuring and I did not realize they did that. That was amazing and felt very reassuring and as if she cared and closed the loop.
Trying to get an appointment to deal with what I have. That has not shown up in the mail.
Two times that we did have to go to the hospital there are extremely long wait times. It is hard on a patient and their family to sit and wait for 8 hours.
Under the circumstances they made it as easy as possible for me. You are great hospital.
Unfortunately it took a long time to figure out how to stop the bleeding as I had a partial cleaning at a dentists office but I was on blood thinners. They had other more important patients that evening so I wasn't prioritized but that was fine with me.
Upon our last visit dated XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX when the receptionist made our appointment on our last visit she dated XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX so when we arrived there was no scheduled appoint. Had to see another oncologist because we needed to start treatment again on the following XXXXXXXXXXXXX After waiting 3 1/2 hours from start to finish we got to see a doctor and got the prescription needed
Urgent contact number for dr & nurse needs to have calls & concerns taken seriously. Dr. XXXX did not respond to my call for 3-4 weeks after an emergency XXXXX. This reflects poorly on her professionalism & colleagues as well as the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX as a whole. XXXXX patients & their caregivers should be made more aware of the mental challenges of the patient as good cells are radiated with the bad. Efforts should be made to keep patients as IN patients for surveillance during the first 48 hours to ensure mass swelling & potential death do not occur. REST IN PEACE XXXX XXXX XXXXXX
Very busy day??? this emergency department is usually not as busy.
Very first time we went??? it was the winter time??? the admission dept is not clean.
Very good hospital
Very good treatment. Very good service.
Very grateful it was there when I needed it. We did not need to travel far and that fact made me comfortable. Feel very lucky to be seen in quickly as I was in such discomfort. The timing was right that day.
Very greatful of the way the doctors take care of their patients. I am very impressed. The doctor asked if I was allergic to any medications before giving me new medicines.
Very happy can't complain Nurses seemed a bit rushed at times.
Very helpful and phone calls return ASAP.
Very impressed with the staff considering the timing and circumstances. The staff was simply amazing for being overwork and over run- its incredible the work they're doing in there.
Very little it was confusing to be told, after finding XXXXXXX within 18 months after XXXXXX that I was a XXXXX and not a cause for concern, that XXXX don't become XXXXX, then about XXXXXXX later, that it should be removed. I understand that this was informed by new research, so am pleased it has gone. But after early reassurance, I had several weeks of anxiety waiting for clear results.
Very pleased with overall care however, now that my treatments are completed and I see the XXXXXXXX every XXX months, I feel I should be having additional test to make sure the XXXXX is not spreading elsewhere in my body
Very positive about them. They are the best hospital and the cardiac department is exceptional.
Very satisfied.
Very uncomfortable spending a day and a half on a gurney in the hallway. It was also very cold in there.
Very uncomfortable. Last time I went there this nurse treated me with so much disrespect. I was there and I felt like they did not want me there. They wanted to get rid of me. I told the doctor I came to see you and not anybody. I told him I came here cause I had unbearable. Pain and I could not move. Then when I said I would file a complaint against him and the nurse. After complain he was trying to be nice and treat me nice. At least tell me what can I do for and do for your pain. But nothing you know. I was in the bed asking and begging to release the pain I had. When they put the morphine. They just want me to get off the bed. My XXXX helped me to put me on the wheelchair. When I went home. It didn't help cause I had the same pain. And I fell on the ground. I think this is a very bad service. This is like 2 world country service. I wish not that nobody explain what they treat me with so much disrespect. I never expect that. I have been at other hospital. I was there before. I was very sick.
Very welcoming??? they???ve done alot of work??? and kids are comfortable there??? nurses were pleasant with the kids.
Wait time for chemo.
Wait time to long
Wait time was a bit too long.
Wait times
Wait times are long was diagnosed end of XXXX; starting radiation beginning of XXXXXXXX to me that is a long wait Have been dealing with XXXXXXXXXXXXX for XX years I am not a fan of the "messaging centre", was having trouble getting a hold of the correct people until I finally received their extension #.
Wait times are too long from biopsy to surgery/treatment. I am receiving past treatment care/exams.
Wait times for simple problems I don't understand why you have wait 5 or 6 hours.
Wait times to long better interaction while waiting especially while in pain.
Wait was too long to get pain medicine. More nurses and staff to help the people.
Waiting for scheduled appointments is too long - 45 min to 90 min is inappropriate. My schedule is valuable too.
Waiting periods were quite lengthy.
Waiting room was very small??? cold and dark.
Waiting time is too painful especially when you have other kids with you.
Was always treated with kindness and respect. An effort was always made by all staff to and the patient. Specialist and specialist nurse, radiation technologists were wonderful. The word cancer scares everyone who is diagnosed with this disease and is/has been aided by your staff.
Wasn't sure if they gave me blood thinners or not??? wasn't sure what they gave me.
We always bring our kids there we live awhile away so our doctors office is not located near by and we always bring to XXXXXXXX and have no complaints.
We are just really happy with the hospital. We are just happy to see a new hospital. We are 100% satisfied. our kids were born there. I am XX and my husband is hitting XX. We are really satisfied.
We are there quite often??? and we are always treated with respect and dignity. I always want to go to the XXXXXXXXXX site and would reccommend this hospital. When an ambulance is needed??? I always ask them to go to the XXXXXXXXXX site.
We are very lucky to have XX.
We came when it was an H1N1 outbreak. It was very very busy so I know they did the best that they could
We do have a concern about limiting 1 parent per child covid-19 because two parents is better than one incase other parents have any questions or concerns. Having both parents can help children be more comfortable in hospital environment.
We drove in from XXXXXXXX and were home faster than if we went to the XXXXX or XXXXXXXXX hospital. We will only take our kids to XXXXXXXX as it is the best care our kids can get in a minimal time of wait.
We felt it took a long time to take the ultrasound.
We had a really good experience??? especially with the doctor.
We had a really great experience there so we were thrilled with the care that she got
We had a very pleasant experience. Nurses were great. Doctors were great. They sent him home??? but they had to go back. But everything went well.
We had called Telehealth and they suggested to go to "emege" and I was pleased that the hospital had already received info from telehealth when we got there
We had excellent care. In XXXX had Dr. XXXXXXXX as my oncologist. Excellent care, always there for me. He went above & beyond for me. Dr. XXXXX also excellent. Always takes the time to answer my questions. All staff was superb, kind & compassionate. Excellent hospital.
We had great care.
We have always had spectacular service at XXXXXXXX.
We love it. We get mad when people argue about it because we believe we have the best health care. Yes it could use some tweeks and changes but we think it's the best.
We love XXXXXXXXXXXX. If I have a choice - that's where I go.
We love XXXXXXXXXXXXX site!
We need another hospital in the city and more staff. We need to put health care as NO. 1 priority I was surprised at the overcrowdedness and they were kind don't know how they do it. Need more money in health care.
We waited 6-10 hours to see doctor and he offered zero treatment and zero medications. We did see doctor and he made us wait additional 4 hours with no treatment and no extra assessment. He should have sent me when instead. The rest of the staff was excellent. Lack of compassion and helpfulness from doctor.
We want to make sure XXXXXXXXXXXX is still there that they do not close it.
We went for an urgent cut on the finger and came out with a stitch so everything was well taken care of.
We went in for a gut issue and she had a heart issue. That discovery was due to the doctor's investigation. It was a female doctor. My XXXX XXXX XXXXX XXXXXX which was a repair for her lifetime. I am so grateful that I got a referral to a XXXXX doctor in XXXXXXX who was able to see my daughter within a week. We were also able to get a referral to XXXXX and they were able to see her within a week. I am very grateful for the female doctor. She was a little abrupt and a little intense with a young patient but the doctor did an amazing job and clinically she was bang on.
We went in with XXX XXXXX which is very scary as a mother. We were sitting there way to long without a checkup or even see a nurse.
We went to the ER suspecting our XXX year old had XXXX We were put in a room straight away but waited while for the dr's but there was another medical situation in progress that we could hear so it was understandable that we waited The dr's were very very thorough though we left relieved that our XXXXhad a bad XXXX our XXXX was happy because she got 3 popsicles
We were just happy to have that childrens only emergency hospital so close to our house.
We were put in a weird storage room because there was so many people that day but we had everything we needed it just took longer to get care.
We were really impressed with the doctor we met with so I think that really elevated our experience. Everything was satisfactory but the doctor was exceptional.
We were there for a hockey injury??? it would be nice if we could of went straight out for an xray instead of sitting amongst everyone sick and coughing.
We were very happy, how we were treated at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
We, my XXXX and family feel I have received the very best care in all areas. The level of genuine care and expertise continues to reassure me I will be well again.
Well no just I thought the staff was very attentive and very good they all looked after me if there was anything I needed they would get the information for me. I was very impressed with the staff.
Went in I told the lady at the ED contact with a communicable disease she was suppose to put on the chart and she never did. Which cause problems down the road. The dietitian could not get my food right. I am allergic to gluten wheat suppose to be on soft diet. They keep ignoring the soft diet. Gave me crunchie and hard stuff and tomato base things and said that was on my chart more than once. I had blisters in my mouth. They were going to put me in the maternity ward found out possible contagious ended up in a ward and I have semi private coverage in a ward with 3 Seniors that all had dementia and it came out at night. I swear that when I got out I had PTSD had nightmares for a while. Main thing is when you have celiac disease you have to come into the hospital and for some reason they cannot get my diet right. So I was not eating and tired.
Went in with a XXXX XXXXX injury. Would have been nice to have crushed ice while I was waiting. Doctor said wasn't broken. But didn't give me any advice or explanation on what to do. So I am still having problems with it but have had to make appointments with the plastic surgeon through my family doctor.
Went to ED in XXXX XXXXXX??? sent home without care. Sat in waiting room in excruciating pain for two hours. They thought it was XXXX XXXXXXX?? and misdiagnosed. Not happy with XXXXXXXXXX. I should have had tests done??? but nothing was done. I was not happy.
Went very well I think XXXXXXXX is amazing and 4 years ago I was in the hospital for a month with XXXXX XXX and people told me if I hadn't gone to XXXXXXXX I probably would have died.
What I needed was a pretty simple procedure??? and I waited a very very long time for that procedure. The other issue that I had is that I spent the ten hours that I was there??? was feeling very significantly sick??? it was the worst pain I ever experienced in my life. It woulld have been nice to hear before the end of the day that I was probably going to be ok. When I did see a doctor at the end of the day I didn't even get a run down of what the possible situations could be. The general idea was that it would have been very helpful if at some point someone could have given me an idea of how serious things were.
What I was most disappointed was the lack of beds having to put out in the hall. I was in the hall for quite some time. The pressure on the nurses one of them were crying. They way overworked. I don't know what they are paid. that was in the emergency department. As far as the cleanliness I was in the emergency room since they did not have enough room. Somebody was having bowl movement and it was all over the floor. And the nurse had to clean it out. That's why she was looking after 5 people in the emergency room. I was an easy person to work with. As long as I had the meds I didn't need anybody to take me to the washroom. I felt very badly for the nurses. they are very overworked.
What made me happy was how quick they were getting back to me with the results. I was there on a XXXXXX and they told me I wouldn't get results until XXXXXX or XXXXXX but I got them the next day instead which was comforting.
When admitted so many cases of covid they were so busy. Otherwise it was ok.
When I arrived at the hospital there were only 3 people. No one greeted us. There was no one in triage for 30 mins. We just had surgery for our daughter and we were brushed off and told to wait. No one asked how she was doing and there was no one there at all at the hospital. Two hours later a nurse came and I asked if they didn't think this was an emergency situation and that If i should leave. . My daughter just had a surgery and she was in pain grump and crying and she was just discharged few days ago. So I left the hospital and brought her home.
When I first came to emergent the emergency department was dirty and disgusting. Apart from the long wait there was no cleaning crew the nurse was rude in the ER. And after my first test the student doctor who did not introduce himself as a student doctor I thought he was a real doctor he said my XXXXX XXXXX it might be a cancer in XXXXXX . And he told me I has to be admitted for further testing. I was left for over 10 hours I was left in a chair in emergency department with no further information or bed. Then most of the test he scheduled me for they did not go through the testing. I did another CP scan the new doctor confirm that It was not XXXX XXXX He did not apologize he just said the first one is a student doctor. The doctor was disorganized. All the doctor don't know what to do with me they offered to refer me to another specialist in the XXXXXXXX hospital. But I don't want to do it because they were rude and disorganized. They have a student doctor to run around just to get my CP scan. They were just terrible they should be shameful. I had to chase to after CP doctor just to get my CP scan. One day later he still not having the result they did not take any blood sample they did not do anything that was terrible. I think the student doctors should identify them self as student doctor. If I know he is a student doctor I will not let him treat me. I won't go back to that hospital.
When I first got there yes they took care of me they kept asking if I was on drugs because my heart was racing. It made me feel as though I was a drug addict and yes the hospital is on a bad street however it seemed that she thought I was lying because my heart rate was so elevated.
When I left hospital they did not give me enough prescriptions on that XXXXXX.
When I left the hospital we walked down and walked out. I thought he could walk and the nurse said yes he will be fine. By he time he got to the car he was completely exhausted. It would have been better if they took him down in the wheelchair. That would be my only thought. The nurse should have said he would have been better off going in the wheelchair. It was a block and a half from the hospital to the car but by the time he went down and through the corridors and to the door.*Shared by patients wife*
When I walked around the hospital I saw beautiful scenery.
When I was admitted there were two nurses on the fourth floor. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXX were beyond enthusiastic and courteous. They made us feel like they were the only patients they had to deal with.
When I was admitted through emergency I had an attack and I was out of it and they took really good care of me. I did not fully understand some of the things the doctors tried to explain to me but the nurses and attendants were really helpful in taking care of me and explaining what was happening as best they could
When I was first diagnosed with cancer of XXXXXXXXXX, I should have been referred to an XXXXXX cancer specialist (in XXXXXXX) before I had surgery XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXX surgeon said I didn't need chemo. XXXXXXXXXX specialist I found myself said I did need chemo because the surgeon had cut through tumor there was a delay then in starting chemo Now I may have tumor (CT scan in XXXXXXXX at site of operation. Not sure of future
When I was in there they put me in a semi private room with a guy that was in jail and they had guards outside the door and that sort of thing upset me but he was as nice man and there were guards there but it was kind of scary.
When I was leaving the hospital I asked for someone to help me to get downstairs. I was expecting someone would get me downstairs in a wheelchair. The nurses station told me that they don't do that any more. I had to get to the elevator and downstairs on my own using crutches. It was very stressful as I had only got out of bed to use the washroom during the days I was in hospital.
When I was originally being tested to see if XXX XXXXX was cancerous, I wish the tests had been done in a shorter time period - less time between mammogram, ultrasound, etc.
When I was there along with another PT. They prescribe the wrong medicine for our injuries. It was not XXXX XXXX There is still numbness so XXXX XXXX . Every time I go there treatment is incorrect. If I got the right px it would have healed it correctly. XXXXX XXXXX XXXXXX XXXXXX
When I went to the hospital I had severe XXXXXX pain and was given an anti-inflammatory through an IV??? then sent me home saying it was XXXX XXXXXX The doctors and nurses told me they had no access to CT scan??? x-ray or ultrasound. The next morning I had to go to another ER and had my XXXX XXXXX removed.
When in need of pain relief at home or other problems related to my disease I need to have access to XXXXXXXXXX rather than only option is to go to an emergency dept nearest home and wait 4 or 5 hours for pain relief. This happened to me twice after hours and/or weekends and is not acceptable as a patient of XXXXXXXXXX! Greatest source of pain was the catheter We needed a faster resolution of pain relief than sitting in emergency 3-4 hours It could have been resolved in minutes if they would have seen to him immediately and dealt with the catheter
When my husband was in they restrained him the doctor quite sometime before doctor came 10 AM we were there to 7 PM until the doctor arrive. When the doctor arrived he said the ER was very busy and it was a on a XXXXXX and why it took too long. I said to him my husband health issue does not surround the ER is busy or not. He is a young doctor he did not expect what reaction. That's is why I'm not thrilled about the ER I would try anything to not go.
When someone is diagnosed with XXX XXXXX they get referred to a dietician. When I got diagnosed XXXX XXXXXX, the oncologist sent me for radiation and medication and this new XXX XXXXXbecause I stopped taking Clodronate. I feel that the oncologist don't know anything about how cancer can be cured with proper diet, rest, essential oils, vitamins, less stress, dentistry, exercise & relaxation techniques. They only know how to prescribe drugs & TMTS that can actually hinder a patient instead of healing them XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
When the patient has CT and pull in a room then a side room with chairs Don't just leave them there. There needs to be a follow up to the CT scan and xrays instead just left sitting there for 8 hours because I feel asleep and did not get up and prompt them. Do we need to scream and yell to get out of there. Everybody around me had left. I went to the nurses station and said I am leaving then they got a doctor. We do like the hospital They did wonders for my XXXXX . I know the Doctor was busy.
When there's a child under the age of X I understand they need hospital beds in the hallway but maybe instead of the regular bed they could use a crib instead. One thing in the waiting room I think its amazing they do the movies for the kids but instead of repeating the same movie maybe they could change the movie instead.
When they hold up the ambulance attendants like that no wonder we have an ambulance shortage in the city. There has to be a better way of handing patients over to the hospital so these people can get back on the road and do their job.
When treatment was completed, felt a little abandoned reach out with questions and received call back from secretary referring us to CCAC Did get an answer but had wished the person we called returned the call Had returned all previous calls and been very helpful in the past.
When we were there they were obviously dealing with an emergency??? and they were good about it??? that being said with the limited staff and that emergency it seemed like everyone was waiting a very long time.
When XXXXXXX was admitted to emerg there were 2 nurses and a dr. working on her. They were all amazing. The only exception was one nurse who was behind the curtain??? going over her medication. She told XXXXXXX that it was impossible for her to be talking one of the meds she was on for the reason she was on it. XXXXXXX felt the nurse thought she was lying so XXXXXXX felt very stressed out about it. It was stressful enough that she called her family dr. the next day to make sure she was on that med. for the reason. Her dr. assured her she is supposed to be on that med and that the nurse didn't know what she was talking about.
When XXXXXXXX arrived to ED??? triage nurse was on cell phone most of the time and would take 45 minutes to call up patients to register them. She waited about 2 hours??? and everyone in the waiting room was complaining about this nurse. She went in for severe XXXXXX XXXX but could not get an ultrasound because that dept. closed at 4:00??? so she was told to take a couple Ibuprofen and come back the next day for the ultrasound. The doctor she saw that night??? who told her to come back tomorrow??? also told her to clear her schedule because she may need XXXXX XXXXXX This scared her and made her even more upset because they hadn't even run any tests yet??? so she felt it was inappropriate to even suggest that. He only said that to her based on the amount of pain she was in.
When you are taking chemo you are compromised. The first time I went they left me in the waiting room The second time I went they put me into ICU so as not to be around so many people. I'm not sure what their protocols are but this should be looked at.
When you are there with covid you got 0% chance to do anything.
When you're dealing with a large number of people someone will always act differently. There was one that I interacted with in less than a professional manner. However with my time there I was impressed that I only came across one person that I didn't like.
Whenever you go to the ED??? no one likes to wait. But I understand there are more people with far more extenuating circumstances at times than mine. People are treated with respect at this hospital.
Wish there was more staff??? so many people there that there weren't even enough seats. Unfortunately you just have to wait??? because you do not no how sick others are. So there should be more doctors because there are so many ambulances coming in as well. XXXXX XXXXXX XXXXX XXXXXX She gave him what he needed for the XXXX??? and had XXXXXXX had brought what he needed for XXXXXX. So XXXXXX looked after him because she know what he needed. He was so very grateful ... and it extremely helped with the pain before he got seen.
With mom and dad and my visits that I have with them have been 7-9 hours. This visit was in the morning XXXXXX??? and I considered and I thought I was fortunate to only be there for 3 hours. I have done it before where I waited all day.
With my daughter we've been through a lot of hospitals but everything at this hospital is very thorough and they make it known that you can always come when there's a need. They make you feel valuable during visit and treat each patient as a patient. We're very pleased with XXXXXXXX.
Wonder if they have enough nurses and staffing to make the emergency dept move faster. My husband got care quicker than I did maybe because he was in trouble and I was not. People waiting in the hallways because they don't have beds and I don't know how that can be rectified.
Wonderful nurses.
Would be better if they worked on diagnostics to figure out whats wrong with patients I went back 4 times with no answers
Would have wanted the doctor to double check on my son because he wasn't helped during this visit and he had to be hospitalized
X years ago I was involved in an XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and the reason I came back to XXXXXXXXXX??? it was a reoccurrence of something that happened to me X years ago. I see a neurologist??? psychologist??? family doctor??? I had a MRI last week??? I attend XXXXXXXX for an EEG next week and I am back in XXXXXXXXXX on XXXXXXXXXX. When I call up the hospital I thought they would see what a mess I was X years ago. I fell through a XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Since that time I now have epileptic seizures and around XXXXXXXXXXXX I woke up in extreme pain??? seizure and called the ambulance. Thank you guys??? you saved my life.
XX yrs old Wait time was awful + I was in such pain 12 hrs
XXXX XXXX XXXXXX XXXXX . My blood pressure had gone low and I was shaky. We got to the ED at 5:30am and I checked in. The girl behind the desk was not welcoming at all. When we sat down there were 3 people sitting on the chairs covered in blankets. Apparently they were street people allowed in there because it was raining. I thought this was disgusting. I feel for those people but they should find them somewhere else to go. The doctor did a blood test on my and gave me the results. Then when I went to my doctor and he saw that I was quite low on XXX XXXXX. I was not happy with the visit. The nursing care was great but they could have done more to make me comfortable. The doctor did everything he could for me. When he came to see me finally he paid attention to me. I did find it very disturbing those people just laying there.
XXXXX understands people at the hospital are overworked??? but doctors and nurses made him feel like he was a nobody and made him feel worse about himself. He was in a lot of pain and it seemed no one cared. The social worker who helped him was wonderful??? understanding and compassionate. He still wishes he could thank her personally.
XXXXXX was attended to pretty quickly. Atmosphere could be improved. Felt neglected??? and as if they were not paying attention to you until family showed up. However??? they may have been busy as well or pressing.
XXXXXXXX - Lining up in hall waiting to sign in is awkward + distracting to staff.
XXXXXXXX passed away on XXXXXXXX in ICU, XXXXXXXXXX At no time during his illness were his options discussed. Nobody gave him test results No body answered questions He was not told he was XXXXX until two days before he died He heard it as doctors were talking about his case We still do not have results of any tests Anxiety issues were not addressed Refusal to give XXXX because of clinical trial No chemo was provided until XXXXXXXXXX He was diagnosed on XXXXXXXXX Inadequate pain meds for three weeks +. XXXX XXXXXXXXXX, discomfort IV morph provided pain relief. They refused him pain pump At no time in the XXXXX did any medical staff tell him XXXXXXX The first app with oncology with Dr. XXXXXXX was as follows. Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX resident told XXXX "XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXX". We have a pill that can keep you alive, are you on board with that?" XXXX was on a bed in the fetal position not hearing anything. I was with him as XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXXX for the entire time. What I witnessed was horrific The last hospitalization ws for XXXXXXX They could not get him enough XXXXXX He heard the doctor say '"XXXXXXXX" to another doctor. That's how he found out He died 2 days later in XXXXX refusing meds & in shock XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXX said the staff was excellent but felt the ED was very understaffed. They had to call in more doctors and it was unfair to the staff working there??? because they were so overwhelmed. I give them exceptional credit??? and they were kind and super nice. I give the nurses and doctors alot of credit based on the resourses they had.
XXXXXXXXX was more knowledgeable with child. Because the first hospital said he needed xrays and surgery. The Doctor explained very detailed. Made me feel at ease.
XXXXXXXXXX and the staff were the best expe was best I had in 56 years.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the best hospital that I have ever dealt with.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX plays vital role in the area. Great group of folks it needs some face lifts here and there. There is struggle with the staff. Old timers want to do things their way and there is a push back not a good thing. Something that has to be worked on when you go you don't want to hear that they make us do it this way. We want them to stay other than that if they smooth riff between old and new. Would make things a little better. It is terrible in XXXXXXX. XXX Umbrella I am involved I like to get everyone on board. Have a nice atmosphere something a little better does have a good impact on the healing process you feel more confident nice to think they have good equipment and comfort.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has provided the finest care for my husband. Dr. XXXXXX, Dr. XXXXX XXX on Dr. XXXXX's team, chemo nurses, hospital volunteers, all exemplary individuals with always the patient in mind. Thank you from the bottom of my heart
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX needs a rebuild and to stay open. It impacts so many people. Otherwise patients would need to be transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXXXX or XXXXXXXX. During that they may expire.
Yes actually definitely because the biggest part of the waiting time I had there was there was one piece of equipment that should be a staple in the emergency department they couldn't locate it it was a ring cutter they had to cut my wedding band off and he ended up not needing to get it cut off he came up with something and in a situation here people get bee stings and fingers get squashed and swell up that should be something they should have one or two of so that was definitely a problem that night.
Yes I came in with having been bitten by a tick in a Lyme disease carrying area I had been bitten by a tick XXXXXX hours before getting to the ER and by XXXXX I would get Lyme disease if the tick carried the disease. The response from the nurse was 'Honey we're gonna save a life before we even look at you.' Which I understand but it was said in a very rude tone. Once I got to see a doctor after 10 hours waiting the doctor refused to give me the prophylactic treatment and I had to advocate for myself. I feel it was a significant oversight in the hospital system and it took a lot of effort for me to get the treatment that I did. It would be cheaper for the system to permit ease of access to treatment rather than having to treat me for Lyme disease for the rest of my life. It would have been quicker to just remove the tick upfront.
Yes I was I even phoned the hospital the next day The nurse that took care of me in triage was just phenomenal. She was just such a nice person It was crowded down there and with the pandemic and everything she was amazing. I even had to have blood work as it was a heart problem I though I had and I had to wait and do it again and she didn't even wait for the doctor to get the second one She just went on her own so I wouldn't have to wait as long.
Yes I would. I had a real problem with the food. I was bedridden and lost 15 lbs because I was not able to eat the food. It was dried out The peas were so hard I couldn't bite into them and the carrots had gone bad. All the food was cold Not just 'left on the counter' cold but cold as it it just came out of a refrigerator. The meat was so dry that I had to ask for a 16 oz container of water. The only thing that was edible was the fruit. But it was tasteless. Nutrition is so important when you are fighting an infection and recovering. I wouldn't even feed that food to a pig. Catering service was also poor. They left me sleeping until 10 o'clock and I'm a diabetic. The dry cereal was putrid and they didn't bring a container of milk. By the time the nurse came in for me to ask about the container of milk the milk was gone. The butter was rancid. It's ridiculous the type of food they try to serve people. It is not edible. They need to bring catering back into the hospital and stop the budget cuts to healthcare. It was nice to be able to voice my feedback where it might go somewhere.
Yes they all try really hard in some difficult circumstances.
You asked me how I went into emerg during COVID time The emerg dept was overwhelmed They had removed separating tapes People were sitting just inches apart not 6 feet I asked PT there They did not have people Cleaning protocols did not happen. It was very dangerous environment. I had to go back to corner You had to lay down and they had to sit you up. The chance of getting disease is very high but I assume there is lack of money but I was extremely uncomfortable but the nurses are great doctors are great but the situation very dangerous.
You have the waiting room and you wait then sent to another room and have to wait after that. They should not call you into a room until you about to see the doctor and not wait a long time. But maybe there is a reason for that.
You have to go in by yourself now. Sometimes you need your spouses emotional support.
You have to wait too long for everyone envolved. The public has to wait there for an unneccesary amount of time. Also??? it's expensive to wait for a doctor due to the parking. You have to pay overly high??? hourly rates for parking. Because it's hourly??? you have to go back outside to put more money in the machine since you never know exactly how long you will be there for. Obviously??? it's the same for visiting patients as well??? and is expensive. it's not adequate. You have to wait in the green room just to get a bed.
You hear all these bad things about this hospital but I had a great experience.
"A" O.K.
"All staff" was professional about their jobs not only the doctor & nurses.
"All very good"  The staff are all well trained and help as needed.  XXXXXXXXXXXX
"The food could use an upgrade" thank you.
#1 Most staff are amazing "and XXXXX / XXXXX super job."  #2 Physicians work with me (POA) XXXX so now no xray / no IV for dehydration occurrence.  #3 issue is management / overwhelming acute care staff - no beds / no time.  Dad left on stretcher for 12+ hours = bed sore XX yr old.  Please help your staff!!  They are overworked / facility too small to keep up obvious "bean counters issue".  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX son of XXXX
#43 was not applicable to my care  Thank you!
(1)  Wished I had a catheter coming out of surgery.  Could not get out of bed for 24 hrs.  I had to use a bed pan.  It was horrible - (2)  I should have had pain meds administered in recovery before freezing (unreadable) off
(1) Check name of patient before any x-rays are involved.
(1) Food designed to encourage patient to go home ASAP!  (2) Would like surgeon follow up sooner than 50+ days.  (3) Room bare - no window - depressing  (4) Medical treatment good.  (5) Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX visits very emotionally helpful.  Thank you to him and Dr. XX
(1) Food not good  (2) Overnight stay not long enough to make good assessment.  (3) Parking system is a deterrent for people to come and visit because of price and distance to walk
(1) I'm XX yrs old + had to walk through ankle deep snow + ice from very far parking lot sidewalks  Not cleared  Very poor upkeep  (2) The emergency is very old + dingy  Curtains falling off runners, w room dirty, so busy, too hard to keep up.  (3) I was in for a follow-up.  Patients vomiting + coughing - not cleaning hands - disgusting.  Kudos to the nurses + doctors for being able to maintain professionalism + caring attitude in such a combat zone  Clean up the department or expand it  It's an eyesore to the public  Not something the HSN board of directors or CEO should be proud of.  XX
(1) Stop laying off nurses.  (2) Upper management should be forced to pay cuts.
(First) the nurses have too much to do, to spend time with the patient  Your hospital has a very good staff floor #9 + #6
*  The food was very unsatisfactory *  I was only offered a choice on 1 dinner meal during my stay *  I requested prune juice and was told I would need approval from medical staff. *  Required ice to put on my leg and since the ice machine was broken I was asked to have my husband bring some from home!  Really!!! *  Not able to rest comfortably.
1 - 4 person room with no bathroom  2 - Access to another patient's room to use bathroom  3 - To long waiting for a room  4 - Too long in emerg.  5 - Put into ward room with a patient with a known communicable disease (twice!!!)
1 - Long waits 2 - Not sufficient accommodations 3 - Left alone and don't feel there is any compassion from staff
1 Never saw prescription, given to husband, took to pharmacy, pharmacy filled and explained. 2 Was given injections for preventing blood clots - if hadn't watched nurse do it was not explained at hospital.
1 nurse on 8th floor was super good.  I will have great respect for her and her job she did.  Sorry I can't remember her name.  But she's xxxxx bilingual and xxxxx.  I think it was XXXXXXXXXXXX
1 Quite unclear on expectations on healing after leaving the hospital.  2 The surgeon denied performing a procedure that he had put in his post surgery report
1) An ortho unit w/out ice - for months!!  2) Pathetic food choices  3) Laundry - limited bed changes etc.  4) Drug supplies - limited and too costly to change prn   5) Shower facilities - pathetic design  -no wifi - ?  Exceptional nurses/caring staff  Cannot recommend a hospital to family & friends if there are no other choices in the area
1) Bathroom was never cleaned (I was only patient in this room)  2) Waste baskets emptied once  3) Soiled linen & food trays left at sink area than (unreadable) I had to ask them to be removed in the evening.
1) Beds are too hard.  (2) I had to get a wool blanket from home because cotton blankets don't keep you warm.
1) Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX (xxxxx) was unprofessional in his practice.  (2) I was not officially made aware of my hospital release date until the afternoon prior to that morning.  (3) My driver's license should not have been suspended for the following reasons.  A) The hospital is using cheap equipment and defective computer program to monitor reaction times.  B) The hospital is monitoring reaction / reflex times while patient is on opioid based (dilaudid) medication which slows down reflexes.  C) Poor info referral and unacceptable delay between in-patient and out-patient services more than 2 weeks went by before follow - up scheduling of out-patient.  D) Reporting to family physician regarding in and out therapy results is also flawed + inefficient.
1) The nursing staff (in particular XXXXXX & XXXXXXXXX in surgical short stay) went above & beyond to make me feel comfortable, safe & manage my pain.  They checked on me constantly  I was very pleased with the care & treatment I received at this hospital  2) The surgeons, Dr XXXXXXX & Dr XXXX were compassionate & very skilled - willing to do difficult shoulder replacement surgery on me, a XX year old!!
1.  A pic line was installed in my arm which was not ordered by doctors & a painful episode for me & had to be removed as wasn't needed  2.  RN X from XXXXXXXX was an excellent nurse, enjoyed her during my stay.  She has 1 more year to get her RN  All nurses great also
1.  During my stay I was discharged but then back in the ER within a few days hemorrhaging from my nose.  The ER nurse who took over from the paramedics was insensitive, cold, ignored me and was rude.  I thought of anyone more vulnerable than me and how this would have so poorly affected them.  She would not tend to my needs and shared in my presence how there were two things she couldn't stand, blood and vomiting I was vomiting blood clots and needed help.  The only time she made herself available was when the doctor was in the room.  She had direct line of sight to me from her desk and did not look up or help me once.  Her xxxxx colleague did however.  This occurred on XXXXXXX @ approx 2 am.  She was xxxxxx and her name may have been XXXXXX.  Even when I arrived in the ER I heard her tell the paramedic 'Just throw her in #13 and I'll get there when I can.' and I was gushing blood from my nose and mouth.  2/ I had a lot of doctors involved in my care and direction and decisions came from each of them and were sometimes contradictory.  It was very confusing.  3/ As we were preparing for my discharge the TPN process @ home was very confusing and lacked clear communication.  The xxxxx XXXXXXXX was not clear in her communication and much of what she relayed to us was wrong.  4/ The nursing care I received was exemplary I could not have been in better hands.
1.  Other than surgery day I didn't have contact with a doctor (8 days/7 nights).  2.  In the 7 days I was able to eat I was offered fresh fruit on only 2 days.  I also noticed that after meals the food trolley (trays) still had most food still on plates/bowels - an extreme waste and impossible for longer term patients to regain their strength when food is so poor patients are unable to eat it.  3.  Hospital is physically unclean.  4.  Bed sheets not changed unless patient asks to have them changed.  This was (unreadable) by staff nurse.  5.  In the 7 days I was able I had 1 shower and only when I realized I had to ask.  I do not blame nurses for this they were terrific but seemed very overworked at all times.
1.  Very over crowded  2.  people with viruses + coughs were put in with everybody  3.  Druggies seem to be the first treated  You need to do a survey about the hospital  It is running very overcrowded when I was admitted spent the first night in the emerg 2 night in a bath rub room with no bathroom and a strong smell of chemicals.  2nd night I spent the night in a TV room again no bathroom or no sink when I was in the TV room they put a second person in the room who was under quarantine but they did not care as I was there so there was only a curtain between us
1.  Waited 4 1/2 hours for someone to come for me for my surgery, without any prior expl. or contact.  2.  Although we pay and have always paid for a semi-private coverage, I was put in "SHORT TERM" section and not given a credit, same for my wife when she had surgery - although we are charged for a semi-private.  3.  Constant opening of hall way door (panic bars) made "short term" environment unpleasant.  4.  Care & attention to me in the operating room was EXCELLENT!  5.  Care & attention provided to me by the nursing staff in "short term was excellent!
1.  Waiting for 5-6 hours on uncomfortable/tired chairs is not conducive to decreasing stress when waiting for test results.  2.  I was belittled by one nurse who thought it amusing that my daughter had packed an overnight bag for me in case I was admitted.  I live out of town from the hospital.
1. During my visit, I discovered that the hospital had certain supplies I needed..eg. toothbrushes, razor etc.  I think it would help if you handed made patients aware list of these supplies so they could know what to ask for. 2.  You should also ensure that when meals are handed out, patients have a pen or pencil on which to make their menu preferences--I got stuck with the default choice not realizing I could change preferences until I left.
1. I did not receive enough information about my condition till I left.  2. It is amazing how well hospital staff copes given they've been cut so badly.  3. Sometimes no clean laundry because it is no longer cleaned locally.
1. In emerg I didn't like the hallway medicine. I was examined in a room then moved to the hallway where I had to lift my top to (unreadable) my abdomen with strangers watching. As a woman, I felt like I had no privacy and felt disrespected. 2. I buzzed the nurse for 2 issues, but this person arrived who I couldn't identify as a PSW or RN, and when I explained what I needed, she said "that's not my job". Be that as it may, she could have said, "let me find you someone who can help". That would have been proactive instead of closing the conversation like she did. 3. I buzzed again before being discharged - about 2 hours or more I was in pain. My nurse had gone on her break and another came in her place. As I was speaking to her she cut me off, turned and walked away. She returned with meds, but again walked away while I was still speaking to her. I told my nurse when she returned and she addressed it with that person. But that person stopped me while I was being wheeled out to "apologize".
1. No semi-private rooms were available  2. I was placed in a four person room and later in a hallway  3. Nights were noisy due to yelling of other patients 4. Too many visitors, some staying several hours
1. Pre-op paperwork re instructions days before surgery need to be updated to prevent confusion ie: fluid intake.  2. Rooms need better cleaning.
1st service by caring individuals.
2 bed room was cramped.  Bathroom facilities extremely tight.  Shower too small and claustrophobic as well as dirty looking.  Bathroom need complete renovation and enlarged.
24 hrs in emerg on a stretcher is not acceptable  Food is terrible - should be prepared on site!!
2nd knee operation  Could not get a room  Stayed in emerg. rm. for 2 nights.  Then sent home  Was made very comfortable and the nurses were so kind and caring  People should be happy with the health care we are getting.
4 South was incredibly comfortable & professional.  Thank you to my nurse XXXXXXX who concluded I may have a double pulmonary embolism post surgery & had all tests ordered with Dr. XXXXX ASAP (PS on the med).
5th floor staff were outstanding  -  Geriatric team outstanding  -  Unfortunate - on nurse in ER - impatient, snappy, rude, no compassion!
7th floor surgery - extremely crowded rooms - my bed was bumped constantly while nurses/PSWs cared for the other patient - definitely need more room for patients on this post/pre surgery floor
8th Floor was great  4th Floor not so good
8th floor was very busy.  My submitted meds list of AM/PM was switched.  More importantly, with COVID, I presume hospital notification for a test would follow, if exposure was assumed!
99% of my examination was handled by an intern who did an excellent job.  I saw the doctor in charge in the last 5 minutes of the interview and examination  The inter in my opinion will be a very good doctor.
99.9% of staff were excellent. Only 1 night nurse (maybe overworked) insisted I use the urine bottle vs the commode beside my bed very frustrating but only once. All others excellent.
A 24/7 pharmacy will be a great bonus for patients who need urgent medications especially at night.
A better menu meals not enough or snacks before & after.
A big shout-out to the nurses - they were absolutely amazing - and are the true backbone of anyone's hospital stay!!  Keep up the good work  I answered these questions based on my hospital stay of XXXXX - XXX, not the one night stay ending XXXXXXXXX.
A big thank you to my dr + his staff  Also - my night in hospital staff  Thank you
A bit of confusion due to resident doctors not sure what was going on.  I myself found the resident at a different location and asked dr's need to have (unreadable) hands on.
A brand new pair of slippers was stolen from a small zippered bag holding tooth brush & necessary clothes
A caring nurse for seniors was attentive and concerned being XX yrs old.  The intern speak French and that helped a lot  It is easier to explain the problem in French  Please have more bilingual staff.
A doctor's note for the school stating the degree of concussion would have been helpful for return to plan in high school.
A doggone good hospital. XXXXXXXXXXXXX
A great job XXXXXXXXXXXX
A huge thank you to the dr. and nurses!!
A lab staff number places tape on her arm and after drawing blood from me she took off her arm and placed over my lab draw site  Potential for spread of disease - contamination did not appreciate  Angiography dept did not introduce self - not even the MD prior to procedure
A lot of processed foods.  No fresh vegetables or freshly cooked vegetables.  I recommend that the hospital board taste all the menus available.  This will allow the board to understand and appreciate what food and type is served to the patients.
A male nurse took my wallet with $220 and pictures of my family.  To secure next morning it was back in night table.  He woke me with light from his phone inches from my face, these incidents very upsetting to me.  He called staff, all I wanted was my wallet back.  I was highly sedated but I will never forget him or these incidents.
A person doesn't like to have to go to a hospital but I was happy with the treatment I got.  XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXX
A professional stay!
A sincere heartfelt thank you to the doctors and nurses and staff that helped me recovery from this health issue.
A small child and or a person with mental health issues should not have long to wait as the just or no long understand the process
A special thanks to volunteers who also helped make hospital stay easier.
A very big thanks to all who looked after me in XXXXXXXXX from X to X, XXXX.  The ambulance men, nurses doctors, technicians, porters & food people were all fantastic & made me feel relaxed & being well looked after.
A very efficient, well-run hospital I was treated very well dr's and nurses were very polite and caring  My one and only complaint was having to "walker" my way over to my door and close it to block out the noise in the hallway, especially at night
A very good stay at the hosp.  I only wish that somebody would invent a magic pill for the seniors to allow them to age without broken bones.  Unsteady hearts etc. to finish their lives in greater comfort.  Thank you.
A very positive experience for me & my family who visited.
About this survey  I came home XXXXXXXXXXX  I have had at least four same surveys!  Enough!  No more surveys
Above and beyond the call of duty  Was very impressed with the care I received
Absolute great nursing excellent drs.  Greatest outcome I could of expected.
Absolutely no problems excellent care cheerful staff before, during & after surgery & 1 day hospital stay.
Accident fractures were borderline repaired operations not successful to former condition still being cared for.
According to my experience, I will give 70%-80%to the emergency department.
Actually everyone & everything was very professionally dealt with & they even had great humour.
Administration and gratitude are my comments to the XXX and the diligence of Dr. XXXXXX (my fam. physician) showed, working in conjunction with the XXX emergency department in XXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
Administration at Emergency desk waiting area not so helpful as needed cold pack for my injury from a nurse waited 1 hour to get help as I had to flag down a nurse for one and snapped at by one of the nurses in regards to paperwork needed at desk as know one directed me what was needed.
Admittance & triage efficient.  Very impressed with ER dept on quality and timely care.  Post angio dept above and beyond excellent care.  Cardio depart excellent and thorough.  Scared shitless on arrival, reassured on discharge in thanks to your staff.  Not worried for future care.
Admitted @ 6:15 am.  Arrived on floor after 5 pm.  Surgery, fasted all day.  No food offered.  No prescriptions ever arrived on the floor for me, I have (unreadable) hypertension and if I had not brought my own pills I would have had none
After a person fasting and operation been cancel, he or she should have adequate food, and not cookies and a juice.
After a scan - someone call my name & I said, "where are we going?  He says follow me - I was left in a waiting room?  My driver who was in the waiting room of the scan- wasn't told about this half an hour after & inquiries where I was finally found out that I was waiting to go home and I was wondering what was going on.
After an operation you should have light diet (like soup) not solid food.  I was very well taken care after the operation  Thank you.  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
After back surgery had to walk out of the hospital no one offered a chair.  It was very hard and painful to walk all the way.  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
After being transported by air ambulance I was in emerg.  For 18 hrs. before getting a room  Had to ask for 2 glasses of water  No food, emerg dr was great but I couldn't be admitted without cardiologists OK  Didn't see him for over 24 hrs was cold + scared I would have another stroke while alone in emergency!
After having a heart attack I was very nervous (as I usually am) and they all (nurses + doctors) made me very relaxed, I was not worried, even during the stent procedure...  Very good experience If having a heart attack can be classified as good
After having had complications during major surgery I was in ICU - 41 hrs  Ortho/neuro unit and 3rd IRU (xxxxx) the care was nothing less than superior  I highly commend all nursing staff on these units!!
After my procedure my stay at the hospital was a very pleasant experience.  Thank you to the doctors and nurses who were involved in my care  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
After my surgeries; I was treated like a meat packing plant  No human interaction between surgeon and I  No phone calls back to tell surgeon about my immediate serious problem.
After my surgery I waited too long in the recovery room before I was transferred to my room. There was too much noise when I go to my room from other patients that were admitted. My doctor was amazing.
After my surgery no one informed my husband about the procedure etc.  He was left in the waiting room long after my surgery - no one kept him updated.  Also my surgery was not listed on the TV screen in the waiting room for family members.
After registration and initial care & tests blood test, urine specimen, x-ray and so on I was told the doctor needed an ultrasound for that test  The wait times was over 6 hrs  I thought that seemed very long!
After surgery my blood pressure dropped considerably so I was given fluids by IV  Lots of fluids - though this was somewhat worrisome  I was still given my usual high blood pressure medication  I don't think that should have happened
After surgery they discharge you way to fast.
After the emergency dept. visit I was transferred to a ward were I spent 4 weeks I had excellent treatment from everyone
After x-ray I have wait for result about one hour.
All answers were given by husband as XXXXXXXXXXX is not capable to answer any questions due to brain damage from a bad fall at work ...
All care givers were professional, caring,and competent.  Did their duties happily and without complaint.
All doctors and nurses made the difference in my recovery
All doctors and staff were very helpful, knowledgeable, my surgery was serious and your staff made me feel confident and safe.  Thank you all  God bless  XXXXXXXXXXXX
All doctors were thorough and caring one nurse with xxxxx was very rude ... On XXXXXXXXXXXX Evening
All good
All good
All good
All good
All good
All good  Her daughter helped her with the survey because she is in poor health and has dementia
All good - just don't understand the parking fee.  Why  The place we come for help should be free for all Canadian citizens.  All fees + taxes are paid and if I need to visit a dying relative I would be there every day!
All good  Keep up the good work
All good.
All good.
All Good. Thank you very much.
All hospital staff were amazing from partners to all tech and cleaning staff.  Super job over and above nurses & drs.  Everyone was so helpful & pleasant  Thank you so much XXXXXXXXXXX
All hospital staff, nurses, doctors, cleaners & dietary staff were professional, polite & compassionate  I was very impressed with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
All I have to say I am very thankful that we have the facilities or hospital to go to makes me feel proud.
All in all it was better than I expected, except the food.  A lot of the food is inedible and I think they could do better in that area.  I have a dep regard for all of the caregivers and much respect!!  They did a fantastic job.
All in all my stay was a very pleasant experience with positive results.  Thank you to all involved
All in all very good and I thank the good doctors + staff  XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
All nurses & staff were very friendly & helpful at all times  Thank ladies
All of the nurses in surgical short stay were wonderful.
All of the staff were very professional and truly task oriented.  My staff was very relaxing.
All of the staff who dealt with me for my surgery were very good  But I do fall into the category of the smaller % affected negatively by medications + the nausea meds to combat that I felt the pain management team could have communicated more or other options as I don't tolerate narcotics well  They gave more nausea meds I believe.  I just got myself as soon as possible taking little to none as I couldn't handle the way I felt on meds.  This was the only area I felt a team came in quickly assessed but didn't listen enough to my spouse or self on if there weren't other options  I'm healthy Have a good pain threshold so I was fine
All of them were great
All Ok
All personnel involved at the hospital where excellent, from the nurses, doctor, and housekeeping.
All staff kind, supportive, patient, informative.  But hospital very dirty - not clean
All staff very pleasant. Care excellent. Meals good
All staff was very helpful, pleasant, & understanding.  Thank you XXXXXXXXXXX
All staff were caring & efficient.  Dr. XXXXX was great - even set up an extensive eye exam with Dr. XXXX immediately.  No complaints  X  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
All staff were excellent  Thank you  You helped save my life.  What better can you get  XXXXXXXX
All staff, from volunteers to the surgical team were polite, professional, efficient, and empathetic. The general atmosphere in the hospital was warm and supportive, and everyone from my primary surgeon to the cleaning staff had a smile on their face at all times. Congratulations, it was a delight to be treated there. I feel very lucky to have been directed to XXX and in particular the cancer clinic. Thanks to all.
All staff, nurses + doctors were awesome.  You all are the best --
All tests were 1 to 2 hrs later than booked.  3 times MIR tests - got "bumped" delayed then canceled while in hospital.  MIR tests finally done 26 days after released from hospital - 1 1/2 hrs later than scheduled. So be on time - but wait your turn.
All the nurses + staff were very polite + helpful.
All the nurses were very polite & courteous  I have no complaints at all about my stay.
All the nurses were wonderful & so helpful, but I didn't get a room for my 2 night stay because of overcrowding.
All the staff on the 7th floor were fantastic.
All the staff were very good, friendly
All the therapists, nurses and other staff were very friendly, supportive and professional IRU  Excellent IRU
All was fine.  Clerk, nurses, lab tec dr.  Dr. XXXXX is excellent explains things to me  Very good staff thanks
All went well.  I have no complaints.
Although completely comfortable + everyone professional, after surgery there was no private or semi private room.  Great service.  Thank you.
Although I am more comfortable in French, I did not ask for French service.  I'm also a person that avoid the emergency department unless it's an emergency.
Although I was in ER 2 nights, 3 days.  I was given excellent care by the docs & nurses.  I was on isolation the whole stay over.  Nurses, docs, & friend followed procedure for isolation, cleaned & catering on & lab tech did not.  Observe isolation procedure.
Although my stay was not without some flaws, the medical staff was mostly kind helpful + hard working
Although short, my care was excellent. I had a 99% artery blockage which was opened and a stent inserted within 24 hours of admission. Many thanks to all the staff.
Although the wait time in emergency the care provided was excellent.
Always extremely busy perhaps there is need for another.  Some patients are travelling elsewhere where the waits are not as long.
Always great care!  Thank you
Always received good care and information  Being a senior, waiting for long periods is scary, and having knee pain  It is uncomfortable in the waiting room chairs.  Happy to say the nurses always provide warm blankets
Amazing hospital experience  All the doctors and nurses were so caring and truly good at their jobs.
Amazing so fast for care from ambulance to emerg to test to immediate treatment for bowel blockage.  Very organized 7 day stay.  Great team organized + fast!  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Amazing, wonderful, kind, caring people.
Ambulance attends were very attentive, knowledgeable and thorough.  Overall good experience  "excellent"
Ambulance drivers should have better knowledge of hocah roads.  This driver picked the worst road to travel and rushed it at high speed for a very rough ride!
Ambulance took quite a while to show.
An unexpected complication arose while a ptient - some nurses were not compassionate to problem and I was told that this was my problem when discharged
Angioplasty patients overnight stay could be immensely improved if snoring or agitated patients were separate from ward.  Little rest/sleep as a results = more stress to the patient
Another patient in my room was VERY RUDE to the nurses for my last 2 nights there, way to abusive to staff in my room.  Transferred to XXXXXXXX - the worst hospital I have ever been in, they need a survey like this one ... XXXXXXXXXXXXX has terrible service ... NO INFO, VERY POOR SERVICE PROVIDED BY THE STAFF ... XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
Anything to do with the heart best care ever fantastic heart doctors surgeon.
ARS Emergency service is in trouble, the long wait time and doctors that brush you off and don't even look at you about your complaint.  Also the wait for any test have a long wait period.  I know there is something wrong with me and it's been over 3 moth and I'm still waiting for more test.  Thank you for this survey it's a step in the wright direction
As a blind person I showed staff how best to guide a blind person. The staff were asked to read info given to my. Staff were encouraged to tell me what was on my plate & what they were doing when approaching me. They shared info with others. I wish to praise all staff from when I arrived throughout my stay!!
As a female patient I felt very uncomfortable being placed in a ward with only male patients.  I did not feel safe.  Also I didn't like using the bathroom facilities after a male used it.
As a first time patient in a hospital, I was given exceptional service by your professional staffs.  Thanks
As a regional hospital, XXXXXXXX & XXXXXXXXX in general are lucky to have Dr. XXXX, the man basically saved my life, thank you! XXXXXXXXXXXX
As a result of my emergency visit I was immediately hospitalized for 1 week and half.  Diagnose with pneumonia vital signs very low and blood level low.
As an XX yr old, who had hip replacement, I?m well informed prior to my hospital stay of what to expect. The nurses were excellent! Regarding XXX the doctor did an excellent job. He is never brief, and did not (unreadable) as he felt I was done, well, even waited to send me home a day early, which I declined I entered the hospital XXXX Went home XX.
As before i was not suppose to leave the hospital till i was able to climb the stairs & was there for 5 days
As far as colonoscopies go ... I guess you could say it was a 'pleasant experience'!? -  As far as recommending this hospital to family + friends ... that would be hard not to, seeing this is the only hospital in the region.
As far as I'm concerned I was well looked after with excellent staff + doctors but *please) don't cut staff as they work their butts off as I wrote earlier in my survey!!
As far as I'm concerned, my stay was as good as it could be and I thank all the staff that tended to me.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
As far as staff is concerned they were perfect  However there could be an improvement with the food.
As for the food that I had ... it's a real pity to see ... how much money is spent and throw away ... because it's HORRIBLE!  A patient should have better FOOD ... I pity the person that stays in the hospital for a long time ... XXXX
As hard as nurses & doctors try to give timely care, it is obvious that they are stretched to the maximum.  There is definitely a need for more nurses & doctors, as they are burning out.
As hospitals go it was a truly good stay  Staff is great
As I have been receiving chemo, I was concerned about going to emergency.  The service + level of care was swift and impressive.  Thank you.  However, front line staff should be encouraged not to vent to patients about current state of healthcare.  It was not the place + I should not have been on the receiving end.  Perhaps it was nearing the end of his shift - tired maybe - but again it was very inappropriate.
As I have not been to a hospital in 30 years, I would say that staff were very  kind and went over and beyond in extending care
As I required little care the nurses were great but overworked.  The cleaning of the room could have been much better.  The food is terrible.  In general the stay was ok
As it was my first 'visit' to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I was pleased with the overall experience, despite my health issue.  XX
As mentioned, Emergency Dept, was crowded when I arrived there by ambulance. Staff, doctors, nurses, (unreadable), were super-busy. Yet, they all remained calm, courteous + reassuring to me, a patient in my 10th decade of life!
As my third birthing experience I wish the rooms would accommodate my husband as he would always stay with me.  Specifically accommodate a sleeping bench in a semi-private room
As of XXXXXXXXX when my husband XXXXXXXXXXX was admitted by ambulance from xxxxx near Super 8 Motel, due to an accident by tripping on the 6" wall of cement sidewalk which in front of sidewalk was covered with snow.  When XXXXXX stepped on snow his foot went down tripping him to fall on the edge of cement sidewalks breaking his ankle, which was discovered 26 days later & fell on the edge of the sidewalk breaking his hip which was repaired by Dr. XXXXXXXX on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX 6 PM.  The ambulance attendants were awesome bringing him to emerg. for proper care of situation.  After surgery he was admitted to 5th or 4th floor where most of the nurses were attending to him with great care.  However 26 days later, during that time the xxxxx person had him trying to walk but XXXX was not able to do too many steps.  Was then moved to 3rd floor.  After 26 days he was having trouble moving his left ankle.  That moment the xxxxx person ordered an xray of the ankle to discover it is broken.  A "boot" was put on for support.  Surgery was not a given!  Since all of this happening when the boot was removed, the ankle now goes sideways!  As XXXXXX's wife, XXXXX, I am not impressed about the situation that took place.  However, once again the nurses were of great help & so was Dr. XXXX who helped XXXX a great deal.  Thanks to him & the nurses.  XXXXXXXXXXXX
As the paramedics took me to hospital as they suggested blood work to rule out Cardiac.  The only reason I went but never did get any bloodwork.  So spent 5 hrs waiting for a doctor to have me breath in/out.  Had 2 ECGs + an U/S.
As usual, this survey does not ask questions about the actual problems I encountered, such as waiting 5 weeks for an 'Urgent' CT scan, something that happened in 15 minutes when I was admitted a few days before in a XXXXXXX based hospital.  I still have no answer to what is causing the original issue due to the problem stated above.  Also, there are no questions about how long things took while at the hospital such as the wait just to get into EMERG which I had to endure twice so far, related to the same matter.  You obviously are aware of these problems as your questionnaire carefully omits any questions regarding these topics.  How about working on the OBVIOUS issues instead of the minutia that is not really an issue.  The fact that the response of the system here in XXXXXXX is widely regarded as a joke should be telling you all you need to know. This is why I gave such a low overall rating.
At emergency room, looked for a number, was told we stand in the yellow block behind the person in the black in front of you.  Well, when you are sick and weak, this is the stupidest thing - having to stand in line.  I about sat on the floor before my turn came I couldn't stand anymore  After you pass at triage, you are brought to a room with 12 14 chairs lined up along wall and you wait at least 10 hours during which 6 different people come + talk to you at different times.  No privacy  Everyone's condition is revealed in front of everybody sitting there  If one person comes in + needs a chair, one of us is asked to give up his or her chair  Once brought to my room next morning, air conditioner was on full blast and with my bed next to it and two cotton sheets to cover me, I was cold.  MY bed was never changed in 8 days.  I had a facecloth and a bowl of warm water twice  The last 4 days I had diarrhea, never had time to get to bathroom.  I had to clean up my own mess on the floor on the way to bathroom I was never given a diaper or paper panties to prevent this.  ON the 7th day, they put a commode in my room for me to use so they could take a sample for a test.  The next 2 ties I used it, I called for it to be emptied, they came.  I wasn't told to stop using it so used a 3rd + 4th time and called to have emptied.  It stayed there and when I left the next day, it was still in the room not emptied.  By then, I was using the toilet. When came time to leave, I was asked if I could walk to the car - had not eaten for 8 days, very weak, + do you know how far it is to get out - I was told that there were wheelchairs in the hall  So I left the room alone with my daughter, baggage and she managed to help me in the wheel chair  There should be an attendant helping you sit and get your feet on the plates + brakes on until you leave  No one was there to help or see if everything was ok.  In XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  No one can go without an attendant helping you in the chair and taking you to your car or taxi.
At night it was very cold at times.
At one time, I was very proud to share our hospital.  Now I am very nervous about having to enter.  I am ashamed of it.
At registration there were 3 receptionists registering people in and only 1 technician who took blood and doing electrocardiograms  -  could easily be the other way around & eliminate lengthy wait periods  -  makes no sense.
At the time of this injury I could not put any weight on my foot  I was surprised that a wheelchair or crutches weren't offered at any point during my visit.  I couldn't believe that I was discharged without a prescription for crutches  This injury was 3 months ago + still hurts and very sensitive at times
At XX what's to say thanks XXXXXXX
At XXX in XXXXXXXX we need more PSWs and nurses the ones we have now are overworked.  The food is terrible + need a lot of improvement.
Attending ER nurse was thorough and friendly.  Treated me with respect and an appropriate will timid sense of humour.  It added levity to a traumatic experience.  Thank you for the service and care provided.  XXXXXX
Awesome
Awesome experience all staff I dealt with were courteous, compassionate respectful and professional  No complaints.  These people all do their job very well, always going the extra mile
Awesome nursing staff.  Called the delivery floor after discharge to ask a question poor service, did not help.
Awkward locating emergency dept. due to construction due to early morning visits (sparse staff).
Baby's documents info was incorrect (ie indicated wrong sex, birthday). - room temp was cold for labour and not adjusted - no assistance with breast feeding as a first time mom provided by nurses
Bad experience when I had the x-ray.  I had got a angiogram and I was supposed to not move and the nurse made me get up to put me on the commode  I was all dirty and she left me dirty for 1/2 hour.
Bathroom & bed need more cleaners, water to wash instead of disposable cloths.  Was fortunate to have a room to stay in.
Bathroom and patient room was not cleaned - it was dirty  Short-staffed consistently, no one available to assist with showers.
Bathroom smell  -Needs upgrade
Bathroom wasn't cleaned at all during my stay.  Filthy floors & feces left in sampling toilet bowl container left from previous patient.  Disgusting.  Room itself was cleaned
Bathrooms in rooms required  - Not enough beds - I stayed in a converted tub room with no bathroom.  Had to use another patient room.  - Food is terrible (not prepared on site)  - Nurses are over worked  - Too mnay "hallway" patients  - Should not be any buts to health care.  PERIOD
Because of COVID 19 I could not have family or friends visit
Bed mattresses need improvement  - Food tasted as if it was from a box.  - Ward rooms are very difficult to get rest
Beds uncomfortable  Some staff are rough handling patient
Being so ill, it would have been nice to lay down somewhere!!
Being XXXXXXXXX day the emergency dept was not very busy therefore service was really good
Besides the 5 hour wait to have a fish hook removed from my finger  The care was very good
Best ever visit I had in an emergency department.  Doctor was fantastic.  Took time to listen and explain.
Best first delivery I could ever ask for!  Thank you to the dr and nurses for making the birth of my son a happy occasion.  Our private room was great but construction outside made it very loud during the day  I'm worried how budget cuts will affect the hospital and future patient care.
Best staff ever  Positive atmosphere helped all us patients.  Thank you all.
Better food
Better food
Better food for people have a specific diet.
Better food!
Better food.
Better respect from the head doctor.
Better service @ night
Blood clot, Pfizer vaccine.
Blood test results is the area where wait time was the longest.
Bravo!  Keep up the good work.
Bravo, XXXXXXX!
Breastfeeding support from a trained lactation consultant should be available at the hospital as a full time staff position
CAD prev 3 heart attacks 6 stents all night AFIB & upper back pain - Many nitro spray needs baby aspirin & was self monitoring my BP pulse wanted to make sure no heart attack & no further damage done - went to hospital morning cardiogram & blood work were good - Am already being followed by cardiologist.  Meds were increased & covered the condition I have - helped reassure me had stabilized only hospital could do the tests ASAP
Call me  Hard to write after surgery.  Both arms are paralyzed.
Came in XXX morning  Left XXX at 10:00 AM
Canadian patient survey - inpatient care notes added.  Relation to question #8 (Environment) - #17  I was placed in a TV room that was turned into a room with 4 beds.  Being right beside the door and across the hall from a nursing center left me no privacy + dignity.  All other patients, staff and visitors, had to interrupt me every time they exited + entered the room and staff change was like being in a subway or train station.  I was able to hear personal information re: other patients on the floor and all about some staff's daily and weekend plans (personal life).  This room was equipped with "one" over head light that was always left on day + night.  I suffered from a severe headache and requested it be dimmed or off and was never accommodated - I was told to wear sunglasses + had to keep a face cloth on my eyes for 3 days.  My family then requested I be moved across the room when a spot was avail (no other room was avail) and they hung a sheet over the curtain nails to help block the light.  One bathroom was shared by "6 patients".  Keep in mind my stay was during a flu outbreak and c-dif was on my floor as well.  I felt like I was intrusive to any female patient as I was required to leave my room, walk down the hall + enter her room to use the washroom.  This washroom was not cleaned for 4 days straight - I had pictures of urine pans on shelf and on the floor with dried urine in them.  The toilet paper roll was directly above them and hung down into them.  I made a student nurse + one staff aware and it was still not cleaned.  This was not an environment for healing.  I had no privacy, no dignity, and no respect from a few roommates + their visitors.  I knew the private medical issues of all my roommates and had to hear them in pain when they received bad news as they heard mine.  #21 - for the amount that I pay in taxes I expected much more from the only hospital we have in XXXXXXX.  A cheap hotel room in XXXXXXX would be less that I pay in taxes and would have provided privacy, dignity, and a bathroom.  With the flu + c-dif how can it be contained in such an unsuitable environment and a bathroom shared by 6 people.  Keep in mind it was not cleaned for at lease 4 days.  #26.  ER doctors did not listen to me - wanted to send me home after CT scan then came back in 6 days to see him.  When my husband and I stated my concerns for current + past medical nx he admitted me and I stayed for 6 days with medications, MRI and referral to specialists.  He needs to be more careful and listen to the patient.  #29.  I was moved from ER to my floor on a stretcher through the main lobby and main halls of the hospital.  Again no dignity and confidentiality.  I was very ill and this was in no way acceptable for anyone.  #30  I was started on a medication for 2 days, then it suddenly stopped.  No one could answer why.  I questioned for 3 days and when it was finally started again my symptoms lessoned and was feeling better - I feel that this even (misunderstanding) hindered my recovery and prolonged my stay in hospital.  The hospital dr did admit upon my discharge that he stepped it mistakenly.  #32.  A second test was scheduled but did not occur - now I had to wait for the test as outpatient 2-6 mths.  #34 - Due to environment  #37.  No answers re: my current daily meds contradicting with new ones - I called my personal pharmacist from hospital to get answers.
Can't get over how great staff (ICU) were  Great experience consider the surgery I had.
Can't remember dr's name but "very extremely" focused.  I trusted her, felt compassion for me on her part.  Merci
Cant remember the name of the Doctor I seen, but my wife had seen him a month earlier and he was so professional and accommodating! As well, with me, he was by far the best experience Ive had in our emergency room.
Can't stand hospitals
Care excellent except wait time.  Was instructed to go to ER by walk in clinic doctor.  Labs/diagnostics done promptly but waited five hours to be seen.  I appreciate the concept of triage but wait excessive.
Care in cardiac care was far superior to care given in the xxxxx 5th floor
Care was (unreadable) over bed blanket very thin (should I bring my own blanket next time?)  Also read sign saying 1 blanket per patient
Care was excellent ailment was ongoing and I needed to visit the emergency dept.  5 days in a row.  Never waited long for care and tests
Care was excellent but they separated me from my pregnant wife.  Who was also a patient with the same symptoms  Dr. know why this happened
Care was excellent not any complaints  Great
Care was excellent.  It does amaze me though at how dirty the rooms are.  Dust & garbage all around the walls & corners.  I had to ask housekeeping to clean the floor & it was dusted & again - corners & wall edges had dust & dirt pushed against walls floor was not washed.  No wonder virus flourish in this hospital!
Care was given promptly & was complete
Care was good however wait for a bed was a day & a half spent that time on a gurney in emerg.
Care was good.  Very good experience overall.  Only a long wait in emergency department.
Care was inconsistent.  Sometimes okay & sometimes really bad.
Care was quick I found the admin staff + xxxxx nurse could be a little friendlier  They seem odd.
Catheter insertion painful and done without lidocaine marked increase in stress & discomfort  Had to threaten to call chief of staff for more pain medication.  Nurse was nervous to call the surgeon after hours
Cellphone taken with laundry but we retrieved it from laundry facilities in XXXXXXXX
Change your food menu  It was too greasy for the surgery I had.
Cleaner rooms as mine was not cleaned all the time and very disgusting at times
Cleanliness in the hospital is sadly lacking, air vents are full of lint, bed frames are not washed down, floors need better cleaning not just a wet mop.  Stain on floor were there for days.
Cleanliness of post op recovery area.  The draw curtains around cubicles were filthy clarification of start for assumption of drugs after discharge could have been better explained.  Had to contact my doctor to advise me when to restart drugs I was using before surgery.
Cleanliness was less than adequate, laundry bags all over the hallways garbage overflowing bed not changed gown also.  Not enough staff nursing + cleaning.
Coffee item sometimes lukewarm cool?  Not hot.  Cereal lukewarm sometimes they send far to much especially at "supper" don't like to waste food
Communication between myself & healthcare providers was lacking.  I felt that they were not listening to me & they did not communicate to me what was happening - (test, meds, IV).  I was having a reaction to a new medication & they nearly took out my gall bladder for no reason.
Compared to another hospital that I have stayed in, this one is really good.
Compared to being in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I am so glad I was taken to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and got my situation under control and make great progress with being at this hospital
Completed this survey for XXXX, as her memory is very poor  Her son XXXXXXXXXXXXX  P.S. - My sister XXXXXXX and myself were with her at emerg  Thank you
Completely satisfied with doctors & staff
Completely satisfied.  They even took care of nurses who came regular for 3 weeks to make sure all was ok.  They came to my daughters place the 1st week and then to my home.
Concerns of (unreadable) was no offer of wheelchair for the long walk.  Post (unreadable)
Concerns of infection control could be checked more closely.
Considering how over busy the department was I was treated like I was the only one there.  I spent a total of 6 nights.  I was really sick when I went in and was feeling really good when I left.  Excellent nurses, doctors, and staff  Thank you
Considering in Covid time I was impressed for the most part.  Thank you
Considering that my symptoms were extreme nausea and vomiting, it should not have taken over 4 hours to receive treatment.  No one asked for my lab samples and I ended up keeping it with me for most of my visit.  There were no beds available, so I ended up with an IV in the waiting room  Thanks for asking!
Considering we paid $260 for a private room, the food doesn't seem to be sufficient enough for a patient post partum
Construction outside our private room was loud, to the point where our care providers even complained.  This made it difficult to rest during the day.
Conversation between both hospitals where great they came to a quick diagnoses
Could be a lot cleaner  Communicator with nurses and staff could be improved
Could have been better informed about my hamstring tear in my right leg; it caused agony for a solid 3 weeks pain, nausea, swelling discomfort - went through hell for that period of time focused on my heart and not my hamstring
Could have done more work at the time instead of referring me to a clinic to get treatments
Could not ask for better service from all of them.
Could not have been better  The workers were so good
Could not wish for anything better.
Couldn't be more pleased with my care while staying at XXX
Courteous & fast keep up the good work
Courteous staff
Covid cops & bureaucrats are overzealous and impede the operation of hospital.
Current construction makes the emergency department difficult to find
Daughter stayed in NICU/Peds all staff was amazing!  My older children enjoyed the Ronald McDonald room.  I stayed in antepartum for a month.  L&D nurses were all great and helped me through my c-section.  Recovery was great thanks to them as well.
Day of operation was at covid desk by 8:00 AM sent to 3rd floor & was sent back down to register.  Went back to 3rd.  Put into bed ##### + was prepared for operation.
Day time nursing was great & very professional.  However graveyard shift were very moody & load.  Every one was sleeping yet if you need something it took longer to get.  Hats off to the day shift
Dear Mr. XXXXXX  I recently spent a couple of weeks in XXXXXX  Unfortunately open heart surgery - fortunately on the menu - all good!  The doctors, surgeons, cardiologist were just great.  Professional 100%.  The nurses were above superb!  What the nurses do and what is expected of them is heroic.  The cleaning staff was always on a cleaning mission.  I was always asking how a private citizen could help the medical situation  Some staff said write to you other did not know how to change the system.  There are many patients who do not belong in this hospital, who cause all kinds of issues; but they have no other place to go for the care they require.  Some have mentioned the hospital has too many layers of bureaucracy that get thinned out and then rehired with different titles.  I cannot fully express what a dedicated caring professional staff of nurses you are working with.  At the end of their third 12 hour shift they are exhausted.  They are concerned over lay offs.  More nurses are needed.  If money is the only issue lets go to city council, XXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXX and raise hell!  I know it is a provincial problem but there is only "one taxpayer"  Let's throw eggs & tomatoes at XXXXXXXXXXX (I will supply eggs)  The status quo is not good enough.  Did I mention we need more nurses, they are very special people!  Thank you for the opportunity to comment.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
Delay in getting room  No room to walk in hallways as beds & equip all over  People in beds in hallways waiting  Hallways not too clean we need another hospital
Despite COVID restrictions, the staff were amazing and supportive.
Despite the nurses & doctors being very busy they always treated me with respect.  My one concern is the food, I found it to be unappetizing
Destroy those rubber-covered mattresses. They,and nothing else, degraded the quality of my 4-day stay. I am convinced that had I stayed longer to heat, perspiration and skin condition deterioration would have caused my health to deteriorate. While I. An appreciate the need to be fiscally responsible by protecting property, such as mattresses, the entire mattress need not be covered in rubber and every step should be taken to minimize the use of a rubber covering so as to help patients recover quickly.
Diagnosed Enemic possible internal bleed. (1) Very thorough (2) Set up blood transfusion quickly (3) Set up complete body scope ultrasound immediately Very impressed with care
Diagnostic  -  CT, MRI, radiologists  -  ineffective.  Had to get MRI  -  XXXXXXXXXXXX  -  CT, MRI, booking problems  Slept in hall, used other patients' washrooms on respiratory floor  -  some patients in isolation had to ask nurses  all the time.
Diagnostic imaging staff (eg ultrasound) need better training as to where to scan or not to scan a patient that has written 24 hours had surgery
Did not appreciate being in "short stay" overnight as opposed to a hospital room.  (This was after surgery)
Did not have a room - stayed in waiting room converted to a ward!
Did not like sharing a room with 3 other men.  No sink, no toilet no shower.  Had to go 20 feet down hallway to use a bathroom (toilet) being used by other people.
Did not like the food.  Always cold, no taste.
Did not like the food.  No taste always cold.
Did not like the love wait time to be moved from recovery to a room.  Surgery was at 10:00 am, did not get into a room until 10:30 pm.  No food for 36 hours.
Did not liked to be moved in the hallway  Should not happen
Didn't have much care at night, I had (unreadable) big operation (unreadable) my neck, there was no bed for me after the operation that was done at 8 AM and finally ih ad a room a 5 PM with and addict in room  Very noisy  Sorry but I have to tell  Thank you.
Didn't see a doctor - left right after having the blood test because I knew (based on previous experiences) it would be too long before I saw a doctor.
Disappointed in not getting a semi-private room as covered by my benefits  This was my first hospital stay.
Discharge planning could be more organized as no one told us when were to be leaving.  More communication surrounding results/purpose of tests i.e. blood work  More communication between birthing unit & NICU so that parents know their role in their child's care.
Discharge planning could have been a little more detailed.  Nurse was somewhat vague and rushed.
Discharge time between doctor saying I could go home and actual discharge was longer than anticipated and an explanation of what I thought was delayed, would have been appreciated.
Disorganized admit re : meds - IV drip (Heparin) broke down every 5 min.  Primary care nurse joked about it, she also said my clot was huge, definite surgery.  - 2 nurses fished around for over 20 min to find vein for CT before having ultrasound to do it, painful!  - Filthy room & bathroom - shower was broken, sink outside was cluttered with nurses paraphernalia - Waited over 2 hrs for CT with broken IV, cold & in pain.
Dividing the dept into ambulatory & emergency is efficient.
Do more tests find the problem was  Told to take muscle relaxers and anti-inflammatories  I have an issue with one of my discs in my back
Do not cut your nurses! You need them!
Do not understand why the food is supplied by a caterer 2 hours away  Taste of food was sub par at best  Everything was lukewarm or cold by the time I received it.  What is wrong with getting food from the food court or Tim's that is in the building, at least it would be hot!
Doctor did not communicate well  Nurses were excellent & tried to explain problem and treatment
Doctor did not look at abrasions on my hip even though I told him they were there. Bloody abrasions on elbow and hip were not treated. I was not offered any mobility device even though I could not walk.
Doctor didn't look at x-ray before coming to see me.  Said it was a patellar strain and arthritis physio & my doctor said they should of sent me to ultrasound to see the tissue damage.  I feel they are not private enough they speak to you where others are right there with your results at the desk.
Doctor had list of my medication.  XXXXXX was on there, yet he gave me the same thing but generic and tried these before and they gave me bad heartburn
Doctor was knowledgeable but things need to be faster
Doctor was very thorough very caring felt comfortable in his care  Thank you  Need more doctors like him!
Doctor XXXX was my doctor last stay and told me he would be relentless on making sure my knee would get better and better  I trust him completely.  Nurses are great and my care workers are the best.
Doctor XXXXXXXX who performed the operation was great as well as the nurses.  XX
Doctor, nurses & staff were great.  They were considerate, caring, and informative.  Excellent. Great hospital thanks to all who helped me
Doctors & caregivers (at this time) were considerate & courteous.  Trying to find exactly what was happening to me?  Cleaning lady -> courteous
Doctors + nurses were great.  Thanks for the excellent care.
Doctors and nurses were amazing during my stay.  Appreciated all their help and support.  Room was cold though, especially with a newborn.
Doctors and nurses were paramount. Follow up CAT scan was negative, high relief. Thank - XXX
Doctors coming out in the waiting room to discuss medical information to the patient  This should be done privately
Doctors should read patients notes before entering to refer to other doctors when being discharged.  My daughter talk to the specialist then when discharged 2 hrs later the discharge dr gave a different issue & what to be done.
Doctors, nurses and PSW were exceptional, they all had a good sense of communications, most specifically, great listening skills, they were there for you.   Great 'bed side ' manners.
Don't like the cost of parking  Should be free with handicap paring.  Sticky for low income users
Don't release patients before they are ready.  Give them more/full info.  Give them access to services to transition.  If they say they can't go yet don't send them home.
Dr & nurse where very kind to me help me as much during I was in emergence in pain (waiting for results)
Dr XXXX (from XXXXXXX) is amazing!  She worked that weekend and performed my surgery  PS. -> the food sucked!  Staff were great!
Dr XXXXXX is the best!
Dr XXXXXX was very precise in his work  The Emerg Dept was on the high end  XXXXXXXXX
Dr XXXXXXX - anesthetist was excellent in preparing and explaining my procedure (unreadable) too with administering the drugs  Dr XXXXXX did an excellent job + explained everything to me.
Dr XXXXXXXXXX is an excellent doctor.  Very caring & knowledgeable.  He is a 10++ o a scale of 1-10.  Nurses were also excellent and helpful.  XXXXX and XXXXX were very nice and always helpful.
Dr XXXXXXXXXXX was rude demeaning.  Did not answer any of my questions, shouted at me.  On 2nd visit he told me that I would not be able to work or walk for 1 year 3rd visit he told me "where is your boot you can walk out of here"  (This after 2 months of not walking)
Dr XXXXXXXXXXXX is an example for all physicians re patient approach + care
Dr. XXXX for his care, and his staff for getting things done with great compassion
Dr. XXXX was amazing I was in recovery for 3 days XXXXXX was amazing nurse XXXXXXXXX went above and beyond she save my life. Thanks to her effort. They were all good and, I'm grateful, they work hard.
Dr. XXXX was the best, he was very caring.
Dr. XXXXX is very patient, and explains well.
Dr. XXXXXX recommended checkup with Dr. XXXXXXXXXX who did biopsy on my kidney 2 c meter lunch remove 5 days later hospital exe are out 4 days clean from cancer + saved kidney.  My life was saved.  I'm grateful even at XX years I feel blessed.  Thank to God and a good hospital + drs
Dr. XXXXXX the most knowledgeable and honest dr I seen in XX years.
Dr. XXXXXX was very good!  The wait times is always the issue, at no fault of the dr & nurses.
Dr. XXXXXX was very helpful + made me feel at ease through my stay.
Dr. XXXXXXX is a fantastic surgeon.  I was very scared of the surgery but he put me at ease.  I also had no pain after surgery.
Dr. XXXXXXXX and his surgical staff are all rock stars  The staff on 7N is excellent.
Dr. XXXXXXXX was an excellent help.  She is caring and has a whole person approach.  An amazing doctor.  I was given fast and first class treatment.  The nursing & support staff were wonderful
Dr. XXXXXXXX was outstanding, as were operating room staff nurses.  Excellent care + surgery.
Dr. XXXXXXXXX was a very caring doctor  I wish I had her for my family doctor  Keep up the good work.
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX was very good.  Prescribed a medication that help with my leg swelling, prior to that visit the MD did nothing
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX is the best dr. ever.  He treated me like gold + did the best plastic surgery on my face.  Cannot say enough nice things about him  XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX did a excellent job and should be treated accordingly.  XXX
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX is a kind gentle intelligent doctor. He is true asset to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX went on vacation leaving me to track down results of an ultrasound that ultimately ended in me needing surgery to repair a tendon 2 months from original exam time.  When a dr goes on holidays, another dr should take over their patients.
Dr's & nurses were terrific to me during my stay!
Dr's need to inform nurses/patient what is going on with pt  - Test results  - Next steps  - When surgery happening  - Also better release/notes need to be given to pt when leaving hospital esp when there is no family physician.
Dr's XXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXX both provided excellent care to my son who required a closed reduction for a fracture (R) forearm  Nurse XXXXXX was helpful, kind, professional and (unreadable).  He was also good at explaining procedures, meals, etc.
Drs, nurses and other staff were kind to me.  I would like to thank them for care & service '(unreadable)'  Thank you in Cree language
Due major cutbacks the rooms and furniture looked messy as well as neglect and that's in the part see pictures.
Due to Covid pandemic there were challenging things but no fault of doctors or nurses
Due to COVID, the hospital took every precaution protecting myself, other patients and their STAFF...
Due to lack of bed I had to stay in the shower room.  Overall it was OK + someone checked on me after.  I found it was quieter.  My issue is post discharge.  I live alone + felt I should have had covered (unreadable) care at XXXXXXXXXX or XXXX  They felt I was (unreadable) enough living alone made it very difficult.  I'm going to be scheduled for two more surgeries in the near future, another hip and knee replacement, and I dread coming home.  They want us to make arrangements when there's no one to make arrangements with, elective or nonelective surgery doesn't make a different.  I still can't get anyone to help me.  I have no family.  I live alone.  That is my frustration that I have.
Due to over- crowded conditions, I was not able to get a room, but spent the two nights in the day surgery department since it was the weekend. The first night was full capacity and a little noisy, however, the second night, there were only three of us, so it was a lot quieter.
During a prior visit to the one mentioned, I was not even examined + was treated as an inferior - older female patient. The doctor was a male whom I had never met before. He gave me an injection of some kind of antiinflammatory med. that was not related to the injury. I had to return to the ER two days later when I was examined and treated properly by a female resident and a female doctor I have had excellent male + female doctors in the past
During admission I was asked if I would pay for a private room but there was never going to be a private room available.  Surgery would have proceeded and I would have been charged for something I did not receive.  Following surgery I was taken into a back room where many patients were recovering with a curtain dividing us.  It wasn't very quiet but it was only 1 night and the Nurses sure did a super job keeping everyone comfortable and happy.  There was a dietary lady that came around and asked what our meal preference would be....this was beyond call of duty I'm sure but very appreciated and helpful for my recovery.  Sharing 2-washrooms at either end of curtains was not ideal but safer than going home following surgery.  Thank you again for a super job.
During hospital stay I noticed nurses were very, very busy & could used a lot more help.  But even with this, I had very good care nurses were great.
During my 1 night stay, the doctors/nurses were very kind and made me feel that I could talk to him if I was in need of something or felt uneasy
During my hospitalization the heat radiator in my room blew only cold air.  I & the other patient complained twice about it but nothing was done.  The other patient had to cover the rad with a sheet.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
During my stay all computer systems were down for several days so they had to do everything by paper so pain pills had to be requested so was not given as should some newer nurses did not know what forms to use or even that pain meds where kept on each floor veteran nurses knew there got meds back on track.  But some chaos
During my stay at hospital everything was perfect except the food was not good
During my stay, almost all the nurses were amazing but I had two who were quite rude and not very helpful.  Most of them were very helpful and attentive and a few were even beyond perfect, my angels.
During my stay, I overheard 2 female staff being racist towards people that wear turbans.  I believe these women were cleaning staff. XXXX
During the admittance process I gave the nurse info about my food allergies.  He made a bracelet for me with them on but it got cut off during surgery.  That info never made it to my file and I was served food I was allergic to.  Fortunately I caught it before I ate it and the nurse apologized and took it away but if I hadn't caught it or had a more severe reaction than I do it could have been bad.
During the pandemic it's hard to get what you want  But there should have had 1 caregiver to enter the hospital with the patient no visitors but 1 caregiver wife or family member.
During this covid time, the nurses were very busy but always took the time to help me whenever I needed it and always answered my questions.  And during this covid time, my wife could not visit so they made sure I could phone home.  So I wish to thank all the nurses.
During this hospital stay, most hospitals were closed for elective procedures due to Covid-19 pandemic.
During this pandemic I am grateful for the medical care received, during such uncertain times  As a senior without a cell phone the phones in the hospital either didn't work or couldn't raise volume to hear
During this virus epidemic transportation help to cancer treatment at hospital sucks!  The hospital food ain't the greatest.
Efficient - congenial staff.  My hospital stay was very comfortable.  Everyone including the cleaning staff, PSW's, nurses, doctors, dietician were super.  Thank you very much
Emerg staff, drs, nurses, ct staff very kind, compassionate, and understanding.  "Top shelf" floor staff, nurses so kind, compassionate, caring porters very helpful  ECG staff very caring cleaning staff very friendly
Emerg was horrific - wouldn't allow family member in waiting room r/t COVID restriction  - Very problematic on many levels.  In hospital bathrooms too small r/t accessibility/walker  Nursing care often seemed disorganized, not great, primary care ... hard to have good follow up each shift
Emerge is very slow average wait time was 5-6 hours, not good for people that need to lie down.
Emerge nursing staff were cold & unhelpful.  All doctors were excellent.  Nursing staff when I was admitted to short stay were excellent.  I work as a XXXXXXXXXX myself, I don't know if my answers are considered biased
Emerge should supply pillows. You should not be left in hallway for any length of time.
Emergency department doctors & nurses went above & beyond to save my life.  The care I received with emergency surgery & my 1 week stay at the hospital was phenomenal.
Emergency dept very disorganized, confusing & crowded, nonfunctional at times.  Not a good experience.
Emergency is too much of a wait
Emergency nurse had incorrect information on chart despite my request I waited 4 1/2 hrs to see a doctor.  Thereafter, a MRI taken and emergency operation ordered for appendicitis.  Nurse chart in emerg said I had a sore back as ID.  By paramedic who was incompetent in his diagnosis!
Emergency room dr. referred me to an orthopedic specialist.
Emergency rooms had no pillows.
Emergency was a long wait.  Because of Covid alone at XX years old tired & worried
Employ more staff.
EMS members who brought me in kept checking on me.  Nurses and doctors were caring and encouraging
Enjoyed my hospital stay.  Everyone was friendly and caring.  They explained the procedure to me and I knew what to expect.
Ensuring enough beds for patients + have enough private rooms allocated for women in labour then also post partum.  I would suggest reducing how levels from constructions to promote looking for patients.
ER dept experience good  Delay getting admitted to hospital was frustrating, bed shortage on hospital floors needs to be addressed!!!
ER is disgustingly filthy  - Nurses are short staffed  - Except for the sandwiches and packaged foods the meals are disgusting
ER needs to be kept cleaner.
Even though I could see that the hospital staff (nurses, doctors) were very busy, they still made me feel like I was there only patient.
Even though the ER was under construction, the care was exceptional  I would suggest the waiting room entry be marked better what to do/where to go to start registering/triage especially in a trauma situation
Even thought I have semi private coverage I was put in short stay.  I found it quite noisy through the night.  Pumps beeping, patients going to the washroom, and blue codes being called  I had very little sleep + was glad to go home.
Every dept don't have the same information.  One area said I was there for day surgery, another area said 2 days.  My doctor had said 1 day.  When leaving the nurse said to make my own apt with my doctor, but when leaving the person gave me an apt on a paper.  When I got home the doctors office called with an apt.  Mis-communication???
Every employee of this hospital with whom I came in touch, treated me with dignity & respect.
Every nurse I had was amazing + always made sure I was comfortable during my stay.  They were all very professional + well educated.  I have no complaints about my impatient stay
Every time I go to the hospital and you have to register the staff aren't dressed in uniforms.  They don't come out to get you they stay seated at their desk + yells out y our name.  They are not professional at all
Everybody tried their best.
Everybody was professional however at check in and triage I would have appreciated a smile, my daughter was in pain and scared and serious look was not very comforting.  Other than that every was spot on
Everyone & volunteers are very nice, & kind.
Everyone at the hospital was good to me.  Thank you
Everyone from the kitchen staff, cleaning staff, volunteers, nursing and doctors were informative, to the point and professional in my treatment and processing.  Thank you.
Everyone I came into contact with was friendly, kind & considerate  Thanks!
Everyone I had contact with was a pro - caring and a smile or joke.  Considering the working conditions they have to deal with I think we are fortunate to have staff like that at the hospital.
Everyone is helpful to me.  I had many appointments with different specialist.  Depending on the time of day and client they have is the factor of wait time when my appointments with MRI or operations, staff were very helpful and informative in what I need to do.  They were top notch.  Thankyou.
Everyone was fantastic, including hospital staff as I was admitted.  I could not asked for anything more.  Congrats on a great job!  Another success story!
Everyone was friendly, helpful + professional.  Very pleased with the care I received
Everyone was great I live in XXXXXXX but I'm glad I got sick in XXXXXXX the care was amazing. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Everyone was professional, compassionate, and respectful
Everyone was very caring, kind and patient from the highest paid nurses & doctors to the volunteers that met me @ the door.
Everyone was very friendly + helpful
Everyone was very helpful.  Unfortunate they are all so over worked - nurses, lab techs, x-ray techs etc.
Everyone was very joyful
Everyone was very kind and friendly.  So appreciated.
Everyone was very nice & helpful only I'm not used to male nurses.  XXXXXXXX  Merry Christmas.
Everyone was very nice and wonderful
Everyone was very pleasant and helpful in looking after me, while my stay. The meals were fine. Coffee could have been better the cleaning staff were doing a good job I had a wonderful stay at the hospital.
Everyone was very thoughtful + caring.  I left the hospital feeling good about the care I received.
Everyone who helped us was great, knowledgeable and very supportive.  The lactation consultant we visited after returning home was amazing and a huge help.  My OB was also fantastic. All around, we had a great experience.
Everything all good.
Everything from staff was excellent but to be put in a hallway with curtains instead of a room with bathroom is the only thing I did not like at all.
Everything was excellent except I feel the cleanliness is not up to par - south rooms etc.
Everything was excellent.
Everything was excellent.  Thank you  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Everything was excellent.  The only concern was upon discharge the nurse did not explain my release & just gave me my papers.  When asked if that was all -she said yes  She forgot to give us our medications  We had to call & find out how to get my medication as we live in the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Everything was fine  Thank you
Everything was good
Everything was good.  I have no issues with this hospital.  I've always had the best of care from both the hospital & the staff
Everything was good. Couldn't ask for better.
Everything was on time  Everything went well  Thank you
Everything was very good
Everything was very good
Everything was very good "Well except for the food"
Everything was very good & nice  Would go back anytime if I get sick  Thank you for everything.
Everything went good!
Everything went smoothly and prompt.  Very pleased.  Drs and nurses were great.  PS. Since I am French in a bilingual city and hospital I should have received a French version of this questionnaire with a name like XXXXXXXXXXXXX...
Everything went well.  Thanks again  XXXX
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent  I was very well taken care of.
Excellent (unreadable) team  Dedicated staff especially in recovery
Excellent attitude from all staff from start of visit until I left  Dr XXXXX had excellent bedside manner  & gave great advice  Great work Dr XXXXX!
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care  A special thank you to Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX for taking the time to talk to and reassure our daughter about her appendix surgery  A very special doctor he is.
Excellent care  Friendly & pleasant staff  Start to finish
Excellent care  Minimal wait time
Excellent care  Thank you  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Excellent care  Wonderful staff  Made my stay as enjoyable as a hospital stay can be
Excellent care  XXX needs a facelift
Excellent care & help required by excellent staff!!!  Very pleasant stay!!!
Excellent care & treatment.  Thank you.
Excellent care & very much on time as indicated.
Excellent care by all hospital personnel - very professional and friendly.
Excellent care could not ask any better.  Thank you.  This hospital was a reputation for excellent care.
Excellent care during the time of Covid 19  Every one was an angel  We have the best hospital, with excellent doctors, nurses, cleaners, & all aspects of the hospital
Excellent care from all involved during my operation and in-patient stay from the admission clerks, porter, nurses and doctors, all were extremely professional and knowledgeable.  I couldn't have received better care.  Thank you!
Excellent care from drs, nurses, student nurses, etc.  Found student nurses very enthusiastic and caring, especially XXXXXXX.
Excellent care I have nothing but praise for my stay in the hospital.
Excellent care provided by all staff members working in a very busy and demanding work environment.
Excellent care thank you!!
Excellent care!  Thank you!
Excellent care, except a referral was suppose to go to a cardiologist but did not.  It took 4 calls to track down the referral so I knew who to call.  No one in Emerg could help me, eventually I was put through to "health records" and it was solved right away.
Excellent care.
Excellent care.
Excellent care. Professional attitudes and knowledgeable
Excellent could not ask for better
Excellent emergency care & excellent follow-up care.
Excellent ER care physician Dr. XXXXX excellent + caring doctor.  Excellent caregiver.  Dr. XXXX good care in angiogram dept.
Excellent experience at the hospital.  Doctors and nurses were fantastic.  Thank you.
Excellent experience from start to discharge.  Thank you to the doctors, nurses + overall staff you do a wonderful job + I appreciate how hard you all work
Excellent hosp care by doctors nurses & staff  Food was terrible - cold and small portions
Excellent hospital best ever
Excellent hospital excellent staff excellent care.  Speak highly to everyone about the professional service received while I was there - congratulations to all and many thanks
Excellent hospital, etc, staff, doctors, nurses  Very pleasant stay thank you so much  Mr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Excellent job folks!!!
Excellent nurses & student nurses.  Spent night in emerg in cubicle but not given a call button for almost 3 1/2 hrs  Nurses were good but should make sure checked on before 3 hrs pass.
Excellent nursing care by my day staff.
Excellent orthopedic surgeon
Excellent professional care  Question 27 not quite aware at this time.
Excellent quick stay
Excellent service
Excellent service
Excellent service  Wonderful staff
Excellent service all staff
Excellent service but the hospital food was disgusting.  Patients cannot feel better while eating unhealthy
Excellent service for my wrist injury considering the super workload that was there that particular day.  Thank you to all who took care of me that day.
Excellent service from all involved.  Very caring + professional!
Excellent service.
Excellent services
Excellent services!!
Excellent staff + dr's  Food not liked.
Excellent staff + treatment
Excellent staff and support workers.  Budget cuts are making it difficult for staff. Cleanliness of hospital is suffering.  I was supposed to be on clear fluid diet but was given roast beef sandwich.  Food service needs a lot of work.  This is not acceptable.
Excellent staff but over-worked!  Amazing doctors too!!
Excellent staff polite efficient and pleasant
Excellent staff, great care
Excellent staff, only down side was my surgery kept getting pushed to another day.  Frustrating however I understand it may not be helped
Excellent stay thank you very much  XX
Excellent treatment.  Very professional.  Helpful.
Excellent workers in ICU.
Excellent, I was very pleased with Dr. XXXXXX  She explained everything to me, and attended every day  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Excellent, professional care!!  Very thorough testing with the test results explained in terms a person without medical background can understand  Excellent written instructions upon being discharged  Thanks to everyone
Except for the length of time it took I was pleased with the emergency room visit.
Expected 3 days to be in hospital  Was only in 2 days  Had very little xxxxx as yet.  Lots of stuffiness and pain when discharged  Had no say at all.  Am XX years old.
Expected to be in a semi private room
Extremely busy - upon departure had to walk due to no wheelchairs available.  I feel 1 more night would have been beneficial.
Extremely good.  XXX
Extremely grateful for our hospital + the dr's and nurses for the excellent care.  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Extremely please with the fine care I received by everyone.
Extremely poor  Biggest complaint was the quality of food!  I had all my meals brought in separately.  Fruit was only offered to me near end of my 8 day stay.  2nd - cleaning of floors etc skimmed over.  Many things still on floor after a week
Family helped fill this out as I was in a coma for 1 week then on week later flown home I remember some care but my wife said everyone was accommodating and informative in ICU and on the regular floor.  Well taken care of.
Family not called after surgery and when they called XXX they were not pleasant. Lay 4/5 extra days waiting for tests that never did happen. XXXXXXXXXXXXX never knew I in hospital waiting for tests. Very poor communications between departments.
Family room should not be in the emergency department/on at least make is sound proof.  While I was there a family was going through a suicide.  We could hear everything in the emergency room
Fantastic help in the cardiac unit.  But any place else need improvement with care.  More help.
Fantastic job.
Fast efficient care from the triage nurse which lead to blood work being taken before seeing the physician. This is what needed to be done to help me assess my condition for treatment and recovery.
Fast, efficient, organized, informative, friendly, supportive, & caring
Fed up with COVID 19
Felt lonely  Staff was always too busy to even talk to me  Visit was also very stressful.  Had a bad visit 2 months ago, very disrespected, started crying.
Felt quite weak waiting for treatment, asked nurse if I could lay down on stretcher in hallway but she refused  The stretcher was unoccupied when I arrived and left the hospital.
Filed a complaint concerning ward I was placed in  Completely inappropriate for anyone.  No access to washroom w/in ward.  No individual lights.  Certain patients should not have been there.
Firs time needing health care @ this (unreadable)  Very impress in the professional staff and there understanding of my fear of being there  Thank you
First class
First nurse I saw made me feel I shouldn't have been there at first she pretty much rolled her eyes while I explained my symptoms.  She did become more caring as we spoke perhaps she was having a bad day.  That was the only negative.
First rate in all aspects
First time was in the "emerg" 6 days the second time "4 days."  I noticed during my stay that their were too many visitors using the washroom in the emergency.  This should only be "for patient's use because of sanitary reason."  Issues on regards to men using their washroom.  The visitors should use the waiting room area washrooms not the "emergency"
Floor nurses were extremely hopeful in making my 3 day stay comfortable.
Following a concussion, XXXXXXXXX, symptoms were not improving 4 wks later, so Dr. XXXXXX ordered a CT scan to rule out a slow bleed, I received notice of appointment for the CT scan for XXXXXXXXXXX.  I could not risk waiting if I indeed had a slow bleed, so went to our over-stretched Emergency Dept.  This could have been prevented like so many other instances of E.R. misuse. Thank you to staff, ERs x-ray for (unreadable) and competent care + service  XX
Following a review of meds I am presently taking, I was always asked what, if any, meds I am allergic to
Food - not good
Food - Terrible, disgusting, not eatable.
Food allergies where not considered sometimes did not get food I could eat.
Food could be better
Food could be better - I just asked for an extra jam and they said only allowed one as they have cut down
Food could be better  Too many carbs  To much processed
Food could be more plentiful and if you are diabetic you are still able to eat like others and if you take meds it would be nice to get your food at the same time.
Food could have been better - flavor, little salt.  Food to bland - tasteless.
Food could improve
Food disappointing  Wait for room after OR far too long  Volunteer directors really appreciated
Food in hospital could be improved.
Food is bad
Food is bad.
Food is horrible
Food is horrible!!
Food is horrible. I found the food to be not palatable. I found the food not nutritionally beneficial.
Food is not good
Food is not good
Food is not the best  Small portions  Cold  No choice
Food is terrible
Food is terrible
Food is terrible
Food is terrible
Food is terrible.
Food is totally unacceptable  No choice morning or lunch  No snacks offered  Water with ice only thing offered  Room was dirty  RN XXXX & PSW XXXXXX & drs XXXXXXX & student dr in emergency wearing a walking cast XXXXX EXCELLENT
Food needs improvement  More check-ins by doctor
Food needs improvement!  More - fruits - juices.
Food needs improving
Food not so good
Food not to good  Certainly can be improved.
Food portions were meagre and food was bland.
Food quality needs to be improved
Food service was not very good.  I returned most food trays because the food was not good.
Food sucks.
Food sucks.
Food trays often left out of reach.
Food very bad
Food was awful
Food was awful  I was left with dirty (shit on sheets) bed  Was never asked to wash up
Food was awful  Not enough
Food was good
Food was horrible most I found inedible, overall I am not a picky eater.
Food was horrible; otherwise a good stay.
Food was no good the whole time. Nurses were very good cleaning was really good.
Food was not good  Dinner was cold broth and breakfast was thin cream of wheat on (unreadable)  No fruit or vegetables
Food was not the best.  Dr XXXX and staff were very good, thank you
Food was poor, but I wasn't there for the food.
Food was quite good and sufficient
Food was terrible
Food was usually terrible  - Discharge procedure was very unorganized - did not explain things in an understandable way, discharge time was over 1 1/2 hours later than time given for pick up
Food.
For 2 days was refused bedpan after surgery when asked same nurse refused.  Bed was extremely uncomfortable
For a hospital that services such a large area there should be a person doing ultrasounds 24 hrs a day
For a hospital the food was excellent  Best hospital I have stayed in
For all the bad things I heard about emerge, I was always very well taken care of.
For COPD they helped me perfectly
For me a very positive experience
For my specific surgery, patients should stay in the hospital longer than just one day since it was very hard to handle the next few days at home.
For my stay every thing was great.  Very big Thanks to Dr XXXXX (Emergency and a big thank you to Dr XXXXXXXXXXXX (xxxxx.
For nurses - less paperwork more time for patients
For some reason from the time I was in my room following recovery it took 7 hrs to get my teeth, clothes and glasses  No big deal but I couldn't read which I enjoy.
For the most part the nurses who were responsible for my care were great.  There was one nurse however who was less than empathetic, did not listen and took a very long time to get the simplest of procedures done.  This nurse also got into an embarrassing argument with my roommate and her family.  I could empathize with the family and understood how they could be upset by how defensive and combative he became.
Forgot to give me medication  - Nurse XXXXXXXXXX on 8th floor has no compassion  - Didn't keep me informed  - Very unorganized  * XXX nurse are AMAZING! even though they forgot meds
Found it was a long wait lights too bright and hot or warm. Especially you're there at night.
Found nurses & hospital staff - even during pre-op very helpful and kind answered my many questions professionally
Found room often very cold.  Care esp PSW good.  Students very good.  Did see 2 young students mocking nurse of another race.  Mostly treated well by staff but glad to have family help.
Found the food lousy, not very appetizing.  Understand the patient care is a priority.  Not necessarily the food.  Thanks to all who provided care especially Dr. XXXXXXXX who came every day, even on a long weekend.
Found the nursing staff to be excellent at their jobs and provided care with great patience, pleasantness, and professionalism.
French or English
Friendly nurses!  *Both French & English services were offered to me  Thank you!!
From attachment - I am discouraged and disappointed at the fact that I was turned away from your emergency department on several occasions with absolutely NO TREATMENT or EXAMINATION of my severely infected knee.  I was in extreme pain and my knee was the size of a football, but I was treated as though I was drug seeking.  I was told that your emergency department does not deal with pain.  Unable to walk I was pushed out and left outside on a cold winter day to be picked up by family.  This was humiliating to say the least.  This negligence confined me to a wheelchair and contributed to my spending more then two years of my life in severe pain.  As well as the unknown side effects of having this infections in my body for this extended period.  I have been dealing with this infection since XXXXXXXXX with five surgeries and counting.  After being treated so poorly in your emergency dept, I did not have high expectations for your hospital.  I would NOT recommend your emergency department to anyone I know.  I would suggest that they take the drive out of town to any other nearby hospital.  I will say that once I was finally admitted for the fifth surgery on my right knee.  The nurses were professional, caring and always eager to assist me when needed.
From attachment - I was stunned when I was on the stretcher going into surgery, when Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX the cardiologist which was going to do my surgery asked me "if I really wanted this pacemaker" and also asked me what my symptoms were when I went into hospital. I told her that I was having a hard time breathing and was very tired and could not get my breath. Dr. XXXXXXX said a pacemaker would not help. She said Dr. XXXXXXXXXX the cardiologist that saw and talked to when I arrived in XXXXXXX by air ambulance from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX thinks I need a pacemaker but I (Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX) don't think you do. My heart rate was 30. Both my own physician Dr. XXXXXXXXXX as well as Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX in ER who both examined me at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX both were sure I needed a pacemaker, and that is why I was referred to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXX. I told her they would not have sent me by air ambulance if it was not necessary. I felt this was totally inappropriate and lacked professionalism on her part to contradict 3 other physicians just prior to me having surgery. It scared me and caused unnecessary stress and I did not appreciate it. Respectfully submitted XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX.
From Attachment - To whom it may concern, you asked for my opinion as part of this survey so here it is. I want to begin by stating that I received medical care that was excellent. The nurses, doctors and most of the staff were professional, competent, engaged and helpful. I was confident that all that could be done for me was being done. The medical care was first class. There are, however, other aspects of being in a hospital that need to be enlarged upon. The mission statement of the hospital, at least from their publicity, seems to be that they are dedicated to "patient centered care." This is not borne out in the day to day operation of the actual administration of services to patients. A change in the way things are done would, I am certain, materially affect the hospital experience as well as outcomes for patients. I have some concrete suggestions to improve the overall hospital experience based on my observations of the functioning of the hospital. 1. The emergency rom if you are interested in "patient centered care" the emergency room is where it has to begin. The room is unwelcoming, uncomfortable and poorly disposed space. Every second chair in all emergency rooms (and anywhere else patients have to wait for long periods of time) should be able to recline and elevate the patient's feet. People who come to hospital are sick and old. Many are children in their parents arms. All are forced to wait on rock-hard, uncomfortable chairs. These patients have to be accommodated as comfortably as possible. You are purchasing furnishings anyway, why can't they be comfortable? Hospital treatment should begin by assuring, in all possible measure, the comfort of people forced to be there. I will go further and suggest you offer pillows and blankets to those who need them. I know your objections: expense? Laundry? Inventory etc... all of those consideration are negligible in comparison to the hours of discomfort and pain spent in the glare of harsh lighting, the lack of privacy, the uncertainty and sometimes, fear, felt by those who are waiting. They are vulnerable and in pain. Everything possible should be done to make them at least minimally comfortable. In addition some members of staff should periodically check on the waiting patients even if it's only to reassure them that they haven't been forgotten. Patient centered care. These simple steps would set up a much more positive interaction between patients and staff. 2. Patient rooms the same suggestions apply to patient accommodation in their rooms. The beds are horribly uncomfortable. I realize there's not much that can be done about that but every room should be provided with a reclining chair. There also have to be pillows for the beds. As many as the patient needs. Again, I anticipate your objections of expense, laundry etc... cut some of the outrageous waste that's going on everyday in the hospital and you'll be able to afford pillows. Comfort helps heal. Patient centered care. 3. Cleanliness the hospital is not clean. The floors and walls are grimy and the bathrooms are not kept up as they should be. You have the personnel to keep your hospital clean and orderly but you don't know how to use them and they don't know how to clean. A great deal of their time is wasted on ineffectual repetitive and wasteful activities that aren't 'cleaning' anything, just moving the dirt and germs around. I could give you chapter and verse on the innovations in the cleaning world but I don't have the time here. For example you could banish all chemically-based cleaners (especially bleach: a known carcinogen and an environmental disaster) in favour of steam cleaining. Or, you could use UV ozone light (natural germicidal light) can disinfect 30 sq. meters in 15 min 60 sq. meters in 30 min 100 sq. meters in 60 min. hook into it. It's pretty amazing and it won't destroy the environment. Again, I anticipate your objections which will all come down to money. When you're no longer purchasing cheals and all the paraphernalia associated with them and instead using water in the form of steam or light for disinfection and sterilization the initial outlay of cash will pay for itself over time. If you still can't manage it then have a fundraiser. I guarantee it will be worth it. You also need to train your cleaning staff. Moving dirt around and dabbing at surfaces with rags and mops is inefficient, ineffective and time consuming. Your staff needs to work better not harder. There are professionals who can teach your people how to clean. It would be well worth it in terms of time saved to utilize the cutting edge technologies available to you. Just infection control would make it worthwhile. Since I'm at it, I'll also mention the disorganization and mess evident in the clutter in the hallways. Get organized. 4. The food the food served to patients and the distribution system are a disgrace. I know it's a cliche to gripe about dreadful hospital food but HSN could win prizes for bad food. I'm not talking about the fact that special diets are frequently insipid and tasteless. That's a given. My observation goes beyond that. Two of the meals I was 'served' were actually slimy. Inedible. At least 50% of what I was served was wasted - I couldn't get beyond the first bite no matter how hungry I was. What a waste of time and money. Fire whoever is providing your food service. They are not doing the job. I worked in food service for years, believe me, you're not getting your money's worth and your patients are paying the price. How can people be expected to recover when they can't even get decent food? Patient centered care. I could go on, but I won't and you probably don't want me to at this point. Remember that you asked for my input so I'm taking you at your word and I'm telling you what I think. I haven't even touched on the environmental implications of the massive carbon footprint hospital practices have. There's a great deal more to be said. Hopefully I haven't completely wasted my time here and what I've said can at least lead to some discussion. I've tried to be constructive while still being honest.
From attachment - To XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX concerning my wife XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  My wife has dementia and does not remember what is said 10 minutes later after she has been told.  Also she is XX years and I am XX years old and we both are not as good in many things.  I can filling out there forms and I was very disappointed with the way things turned out.  I tried to be there for her to answer questions and to be a go between her and the nurses.  She went by plane and I had to drive by my van so I did not get there as soon as she arrived.  My main concern was that I was not able to be there all the time  So did not know what went on in between as XXXXXXX does not remember very much.  When I went in after her I found her crying because the nurse was very rude to her because she had moved her arm and it was bleeding a little.  I told her to tie the arm to she could not move it which she did after some one else took my side also.  Also they put us out around 5 PM and we had to stay at the motel because it was to far drive home at that time.  So I was worried about her incision that it might bleed again.  When we were sent to XXXXXXX I thought XXXXXXX would have received a stint as she has a hard time to breath  The dr. did not think she was bad enough.  They gave her a nitro spray but she is unable to use it so I have to be around all the time to use it.  To make matters worse when I filled in the travel grant for 4 nights @ the motel and approximately 160 miles of travel we received only 25 dollars each.  I have been to XXXXXXX quite a few times for myself and XXXXXXX and usually receive some where around 146 dollars per trip  Yours truly XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
From Attachment - XXXXXXXXXXXX I have to say I was treated amazingly by almost everyone I came into contact with. Unfortunately there were 2 nurse that I had issue with. I debated very much on even saying anything but in the end I feel it has to be said. On the XXX I was awoken around 7pm it was visiting time I realize this, but the noise was like a bikers party. The nurse I had that night was named XXXXX. I rang my buzzer she came from the party area. I asked if she could have them turn it down a bit, she replied "well it is visiting hours", I said yes but it could be turned down. After that if I needed her she would turn my buzzer off. I looked around thinking she was busy with someone. I couldn't see everyone but they were all quiet. When I saw her later I asked 'well is that the way it's going to be?" She remarked she was busy. It was at least 3 different times she turned my buzzer off right away. The following morning my nurse XXXXXXX (not positive on the spelling) came into my room and remarked very loudly, "Boy your on an awful lot of meds" and proceeded to read them all off. All of the people in the short stay heard what medication I am on I was dumbfounded I didn't know what to say. I thought my meds were my and my doctors business. And my doctors business. Before she came in my room and said this I had not laid eyes on her. I really don't know what her issue was. I feel these nurse went out of their way to ignore and embarrass because I asked the first nurse if she if she could ask the party to quiet down. To not answer my call after that multiple times is abusive I needed to get out of bed. To loudly announce the meds I am on and remark how many there are, was against my right of confidentiality. I felt judged. She is not my doctor, and has no right to do that. I am contemplating making a complaint against them with the appropriate authority. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXX
From the doctors - nurses - PSW and cleaning staff on the 8th floor were professional.  I was very nervous but they made me relax.  Thank you very much  XX
From the minute I walked in the door I was treated by everyone with professionalism, respect, and kindness. Some even went way beyond that. What could have been a dreadful experience was excellent and filled me with gratitude to all those who do this work for a living.
From the moment I was admitted ot the 7 floor I felt I was in good hands.  The nurses, cancer drs and my tore procedure was done with great compassion and knowledge.
From the pre admission clinic, to the operating room, to the short stay recovery, to my discharge - I was treated with sincere respect in every way  They all shared a lot of laughs along my journey from beginning to end.  The meals were good also.  XXX has an amazing staff including the volunteers
From the time the ambulance picked me up to my release was given excellent care.  Was in isolation, proper procedure abided by.  Had CAT scan (emergency CAT scan) @ 3AM.  All staff, friendly, professional special procedure for IV tube, staff caring + professional behavior.
From there I went to a room very good service there to
Generally a good experience.  Excellent care.
Generally a pleasant stay - no complaints
Given the state of our emergency department over the last couple of months, the staff was great, friendly and helpful
Glad to have E dept that we can go to  It is a very important dept that we need, and it should be kept updated on a regular basis  Very much appreciated from this XXXXXXX on XXXXXXXXX. Thanks.
Glad we had such good care here they doctor and the nurses were beyond amazing.
Going from emergency waiting room only to be called in back waiting room to wait longer is discouraging and when you aren't feeling well it's quite difficult.
Good
Good
Good
Good care
Good experience
Good experience good care from nurses & doctor
Good food
Good job by all - I am still alive to "tell the tale"  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Good job to everyone involved
Good service  Good nurses and doctors  Very good  Thank you
Good service - hospital
Good service but not has good as XXXXXXXXX.
Good stay  Nurses super
Good stay, excellent service given the reasons I was there for
Good treatment.
Good, quality care  Thank you to the entire team from admission to discharge  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Got a cast, but had to get recast the next day in hometown ER.
Great care
Great care  I was impressed how the young nurses treated the elderly.  Very encouraging
Great doctors, + nurses.
Great ERD staff were calm, friendly and happy even with our current pandemic  Didn't feel panic or anxiety at all Very clean ERD!
Great experience ...  Nurses and doctors were amazing
Great experience.  The entire staff who I dealt with was very friendly and professional.  Very impressed.
Great healthcare but I felt that the health system is overloaded, had to spend first night in emergency dept.  Not enough staff for number of patients.
Great hospital
Great hospital and care
Great labour + delivery  staff (especially XXXXXX + Dr XXXXX
Great nurses  Great Dr. (XXXX)  Excellent care post op
Great nurses!  I had to sleep in the shower room because there were no beds available  I was pretty ok with it.  At least it was quiet
Great nursing staff
Great people.  Very helpful staff stopping to ask where we were going.  Then telling us or showing us where to go.  Very courteous.
Great professional staff!
Great room  -Very competent  -Knowledgeable, etc.
Great service
Great service
Great service!!!
Great staff (doctors, nurses, food service, cleaning) very happy with the results of my operation ... my only comment was the bell outside my room (used to alter nurses a patient needed assistance) was going off constantly ... given the location of my room it prevented me from getting sleep. Having said that I would come back in a heart beat because I know I was in the best hands possible.
Great staff all around  Best care ever  Thanks  XXXXX
Great staff worked over and above.  Thank you.
Great team - excellent support - very professional
Great teamwork
Great thank to Dr XXXX  He saved my life   Thank you very much  XXXXXX
Had a no worry hospital stay.
Had a pleasant stay at hospital only thing was my meals were not ordered for the morning after and supper after surgery liquids because there were not enough meals ordered  I was not able to have the soft diet.  Please have extras for patients  Nurses brought me Jello and juice
Had a very good experience  All staff had a very good bedside manner
Had a very good experience and everything & everyone was great
Had benefits for a semi-private but there was none, so had to settle for ward.
Had bowel accident in night.  Bed sheet wasn't changed and had no help in getting myself cleaned up.  - Wrong discharge papers were given to me
Had coverage for semi-private.  Did not rec. stayed in recovery.  Wasn't given enough water.
Had excellent care from nursing staff on 2nd floor Short term stay
Had one problem with emergency did not care at all for my 5 day stay
Had semiprivate end up in ward couldn't sleep very noisy
Had some amazing dr's and nurses!!  Made my emergency surgery not so scary!  After care nurses were awesome too!  Genuine caring people
Had the best care I could ask for
Had the very best of care from all the staff. All friendly & respectful. Great staff in all departments. The doctors are in too much of a hurry, too many patients for amount of hosp staff need more staff.
Had trouble sleeping  When I did fall asleep they would wake me to give me other pills then I would have trouble falling back to sleep - sleep 2 - 3 hrs per day
Had trouble with my bed.  Once it crashed down and made it unnerving.  It also got stuck so never slept easy.  Sleep is so important.
Halls clean  Organized  Not cluttered  Room great
Hallway discussions should not occur with physicians.
Hallway health care has to stop  Cuts to our health care has to stop  I feel sorry for the nurses and doctors who have to work under these conditions. They are clearly stressed not to mention patients that are in a lot of pain and half to wait for results to be read at a different hospital & in another city.
Hallways need ventilation as air smells "bad" if in a room with an other - to be told you can't catch anything.  Food very good!!
Hard of hearing so might not have understood at first.  Then was instructed and explained by family members.  Stay at hospital was excellent care.
Hate to see so many in the halls waiting
Have always had great care in emerg  Am not young enough to answer survey online so my computer skills are nil
Have garbage emptied more often in private room setting.  Our garbage bins were often overflowing with rubbish.  My nurses and doctors were knowledgeable.  Thanks!
Have no - Had many hospital stays.  Was only there overnight.  This was during pandemic.  Only problem was lack of storage for personal belongings/clothing.
Have semi private coverage ended up in a ward there were lots of empty room during my stay.  I was fighting infection + the patient next to me was full of infection we shared the same nurse
Have staff clarify exactly at what point the patient will be going into the operating room so it's clear to loved ones when they should say goodbye to the patient before surgery.
Having had (some) XXXXXXX experience I have work to 20 yr. as a XXXX  I find that bedside (unreadable) no longer exists.  Not much personal contact at all during this "virus" time without visits from family, I felt very much alone
Having never had surgery or anaesthetics - ALL went smoothly  I really have the highest respect for ALL your partners @ XXX  Keep up the excellent work
Having to wait 9 to 10 hours in waiting room when you are in pain - Because the dr sent me home my appendix burst
Having worked in health care my college required me to identify myself to patients by my name - only the emerg physician stated his name & nurses had no visible idea & did not identify themselves
Health care staff was amazing.  Although I received a meal that I couldn't eat, my nurse went out of her way to find me food.  Had issues with the screener for my pre-op.  She was very rude towards myself and my mother.  Could also not hear the questions she was asking due to the amount of people all speaking at the same time, and she wasn't speaking into her mic.  She got very annoyed that I couldn't hear her to answer her questions.
Health team always address themselves in Eng. but can speak French  Cleaning lady??  Just the walking space.  Food : poor choices
Heard complaints so was careful. To my surprise from the time I signed in to departure 4 days later everything including meals & cleaning were very good. The doctor assigned listen to my concern & actually had a service I thought I needed given to me 10/10 honestly, for everyone.
Horrible people  Skills staff up front was rude, talked down on everyone  Brutal
Hospital - too big  Parking - horrible  Waiting areas - terrible
Hospital dirty & staff rushed.
Hospital food is not heathy ... they serve process meets and cheeses.  They also assume everyone loves whole-wheat bread ... which I can't stand.  Even though you tell them on the menu white bread they bring whole-wheat.
Hospital food is very unsatisfactory.  So much so that food is wasted.
Hospital food sucks - The 1st AM in emerg, our breakfast was all carbs - Good thing I am not diabetic.
Hospital food was tasteless and barely palatable. I lost weight due to poor food.
Hospital in need of more staff (nurses)
Hospital is very clean, staff is excellent, and felt safe and they gave the amount of towels & face cloths to use.  Not just one like at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Hospital is when you need it but home is a better place
Hospital looked clean but didn't have the old sanitized smell like old days
Hospital needs more staff  Hospital needs more cleaning staff for bathrooms  We actually need a 2nd hospital  16 hr wait for my sister  11 hr wait for my brother  6-10 hrs for me, but I went at 3 am + 4 am.
Hospital ran like a well oiled machine  I'm very impressed!
Hospital room bathroom could be a little more cleaner.
Hospital rooms kept too cold at night
Hospital staff all very good to me  Both XXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXX well in hospital.
Hospital staff do the best they can but I feel they are too busy and are pushed too hard.  My care may not have suffered but my roommates definitely did.  Thank god for the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX students or care for patients would be severely laking.  Again, staff is very helpful and extremely pleasant.
Hospital staff from admission, during care + treatment to discharge were friendly, helpful, knowledgeable, efficient + listened to my concerns  My stay was comfortable and my stress/anxiety were reduced by competent staff.
Hospital staff most considerate and gentle in care of our family member  Thank you  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Hospital staff very poor knowledge of stage IV bed systems
Hospital staff was excellent cleanliness of hospital is poor  Thankfully I was only admitted for 27 hrs.  The meals were terrible, friends and my wife brought me fruit and snacks.  Also it seemed as if every department was short of front line staff
Hospital staff were excellent  Made my stay enjoyable
Hospital stays are never pleasant, but the care I got was very professional.  The food was blah, bread was stale.  Nurses were very jovial, professional, as was all staff.
Hospital very dirty  Staff very nice!  Wait to long for room/need more beds
Hospital was filthy  My bed sheets had blood stains on them  Food was horrible  Need healthier food choices  You give people salisbury steak, but no salt  Cheaper parking
Hospital was overcrowded such that semi-private room was not available on the floor I was supposed to be on.
Hospital was too cold.  I got a cold at the hospital.
Hospitals need more beds & as we all know, more PPE.  Every part of my stay was checked & re checked for accuracy everyone was great, but would have been nice to be in a room instead of a ward
Hours present (6)
How about a real complaint department, not just a phone number that no won answers. Big thank you to all front line workers from the bottom of my heart thank you thank you XXXXXXXXXXX
How about sending me the survey in French
HSN not as clean as it should be?  Hallways very dirty?  Why?  RN staff very busy all the time!  xxxxx didn't seem to work well with RN's food always cool or cold how often are beds changed?
Humidity too low in the rooms, we left feeling unwell and dehydrated.  There weren't any vegetables in the meals, shouldn't we be at least offered 8 servings of fruit and veggies according to the food guide?   Dr XXXXXX was absolutely amazing.  Never had such excellent help and advice by any doctor in XXXXXXX.  Thank you!!  Nurses were helpful overall but being forced to learn to bathe my baby at 3 am or accept that I don't get that opportunity to learn because I want to sleep and recover is unacceptable!
I absolutely cannot complain about this hospital.  Very compassionate & caring!
I advised the hospital staff on the pre admission appt that I couldn't take a med (I think it was Percocet).  I questioned one pill being given to me & it was the one I said I couldn't take  When the nurse looked at my file, she said that it was written that I shouldn't be given it  If I had not asked what pill it was, I would have taken it.
I always ask about my meds before taking them I noticed many patients do not.  This is troubling, because I was offered med that I was not supposed to have.  Patients need to double check and all arm bands need to be checked by nurses.  This is a eduction issue for patients
I always maintained a positive attitude & rely on specialist I ask questions about procedures I am about to get... I try to be polite with all staff this adds confidence & good humour to all.  XXXXXXXXXXXX
I always receive the care I need based on my need at the time.
I am an insulin dependent patient and i was the last patient scheduled for procedure.  Diabetics should always be first in line so they can eat + continue diabetic care
I am answering this questionnaire on behalf of my husband XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  He has advanced Parkinson's and dementia and cannot answer these questions  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I am been treated very good in my stay at the hospital
I am celiac and I found the food was not very good I had my daughter & granddaughter bring in food for me.
I am completing this for my mother in law who died in hospital.  The end of life care was exceptional my only complaint was that I had difficulty accessing 'last nights for her as were her wishes.  I called an external priest who came in it was the weekend so no services in house  There should be an 'on call' person to assist with this
I am EXTREMELY grateful for the care I received.  My health is improving because of it, & I do not know where I would be if I hadn't had this help.  Thank you!
I am extremely happy to have XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX available for us to access services instead of traveling to XXXXXXX.
I am glad you were there when I needed you.  The ambulance drivers were fast and helped me out right away.
I am grateful + thankful for (unreadable) emergency dept.  The docs & nurses are professional + considerate  We have a first class emergency dept + first class staff operating it  Thank you for saving my (unreadable) taking care of me
I am more then satisfied with the service.  Sometimes longer waits.  That's ok.  Glad we have it here.
I am not sure why I was left alone in an ER for 4 hours in excruciating pain without any mental or physical support.  I am a strong person but that was unbelievable I was not pleased, actually I was angry about that XXXXXXXXXXXXX
I am on the road to recovery and am thankful for the medical treatment received.  Job well done!!
I am satisfied with the care I was given
I am satisfied with the level of care I received. The staff was friendly and very professional in their dealings with me.
I am so grateful to the drs & nurses who were assigned to me I always felt at ease and comforted by their care and explanation of any procedures. Thank you to all on the 8th floor & surgeons & nurses.
I am so impressed by the way the staff (nurses + PSW's seemed to know exactly what was supposed to be done, both at XXX + XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I am still dizzy from all of this all my life I belive that exercise was the best way to keep in shape.  For over 40 yrs I ran marathons bike every day did the Massey run, Wisky run, Laurentian run, etc etc.  What happen to my heart?
I am thankful for the quality services I receive each time I am in need.  Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXX
I am totally satisfied with my stay in the hospital during my hip replacement  The nursing staff was excellent pleasant and patient.  My stay was just long enough to be cared for by others until I felt confident about returning home  I am hoping to make a 100% recovery and I am grateful to all of the hospital staff who helped to make this happen  Thank you!
I am unsure how the decisions are made on which patients receive the 'random' MRDO testing, however I did not think it was appropriate for them on my second day of post op to select me due to the extensiveness of my surgery and the discomfort I was in.  I refused the test and I think that some thought should be given to the patient being selected based on the severity of their operation or how it may impact their care.  The other issue I had was my room was not cleaned during my stay, my spouse had to empty the garbage.  The Nurses and xxxxx assigned to me were great and attentive to my care and were always professional.
I am very grateful for the attention and care displayed by the hospital staff
I am very grateful for the excellent care I received.  Thank you
I am very happy to have our hospital so close to home, with caring and dedicated doctors and nursers.  Compared to other hospitals, XXXXXXXXX should be proud of everything it does for sick people!
I am very happy with the care I received at XXX, the staff is number one in my books.  The only thing that was wrong is when I came to I was missing a front tooth.
I am very impressed with Dr. XXXX.  She makes sure to explain to make you feel safe & comfortable.  She is friendly and approachable.  I am very satisfied with my Dr. & how the surgery went.  I would recommend Dr. XXXX to anyone.
I am very pleased with everyone of the service I received
I am writing to say how thankful I am to all the doctors - nurses and whoever else who took care of me.  My hat goes off to everyone involved, XXXXXXXXXXXX I had cancer everyone worked as a team, grateful we have a hospital go to.  I was blessed.  Stay save, thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXX
I am XX and was left alone in the waiting section for more than 15 minutes with no one to assist me if I required assistance.
I appreciate the great care a lot.
I appreciate the quick manner in which XXX doctors responded to my condition when I arrived at hospital. I cannot complain about my hospital stay, however I did not have a good understanding of what type of staff infection I had when I left the hospital.  Being more transparent would have saved me a lot of anxiety, Discharge seemed a little rushed therefore any questions I had were missed. Overall the aftercare (home care) has been great. I look forward to continuing my recovery with XXX.
I appreciated the care I received although no one wants to be hospitalized.  A positive experience.
I appreciated the care I was given during my stay.  Staff was excellent and very willing to explain my condition.
I arrived at emergency in vehicle herd staff told daughter to call ambulance to assist her to get me front door inside  No help was offered to my daughter.  Ambulance driver helped get me into chair to take to emergency dept after an hour intake was recorded - 27 hours later on stretcher I was taken to OR for hip surgery  I was left in hallway for many hours  It was the worst experience of my entire life age XX and only hospitalized for 3 child birth.  Total negative experience I would never want any one to go through my XXXXXXX emergency visit  I could write a lot more but who would listen  Hospitals have lost the human touch  Totally insensitive to patient care
I arrived at the hosp. in ambulance.  ER doc had to call my husband in to answer any questions as I was heavily sedate.  Arrived at 0300 AM XXXXXXXXXXX, operated on 0900.  Questions 24 to 29 do not apply to my arrival.
I arrived to the cardiac dept by ambulance.  With no upper body clothing, money, wallet or cell phone, I was discharged the same way.  Closest family 2 hours away.
I asked a receptionist for more pads and she gave me diapers
I believe I got food poisoning  I have pictures of GREEN roast beef.  You would not get away with serving that food in a prison
I believe one has to take responsibility for one's own health & being the best patient possible enables staff to deliver quality care.  Being positive & engaged in an atmosphere of overworked staff helps alleviate stress  Both yours & theirs.  I feel blessed to have this care so close to my home.
I broke a blood vessel and had a large bulge but the doctor explained he couldn't drain it for pain and other meds I was already taking there needs that he would prescribe from an (unreadable) injury from XXXX
I brought my husband to the emerg early XXXXXX morning + when it was discovered that he would need a stent we were told that nothing could be done for him 'till XXXXXX so he had to stay in the hospital
I came in by ambulance  They told staff I could not sit up, because the path I was in which was a bowel obstruction, and they moved me to emerg.  Which really upset me, because the pain was so critical and chest pains were so strong from the other pain.  And that was not called for
I came in with an injured right knee, I could barely walk on my right leg and required assistance for walking. I was previously told I could have injured my meniscus by my family doctor about a year ago (due to outdoor running), went to physio and slowly tried to gain strength back in my knee. It healed but not to the extent where I was able to run again, but was able to do some lower leg exercises. I went bowling and when I went to bowl I felt a huge pop in my knee and was in excruciating pain. The pain was so awful I almost passed out and had to leave immediately. The next day I went into the ER very concerned that I did something to my knee. I explained this all to my doctor and was not given the kind of care I wished I would have received. I felt like my concerns and issues were not being heard and that I was dismissed. I asked if it was possible to book an ultrasound or MRI and he said no and sent me for an x-ray and told me I just sprained my knee. I continued to tell him I think there was something more serious. I went back to the waiting room and the doctor followed and told another gentlemen waiting beside me that he also had a sprained knee (who was walking completely fine). He could clearly see that I couldn't walk on my knee and sent me home with naproxen which I took for the couple days after wards but they didn't help so I discontinued use. I went in to the walk in clinic a few days later and a nurse practitioner listened to my problems, touched my knee and agreed that there should be further investigation, which she then ordered a ultrasound. I then got my ultrasound weeks later which indicated that I had a meniscus tear and I needed an MRI to further investigate. This is now been about 2 months later with this whole process. I am aware the ER is very busy, but I do find it a shame that because I'm young, maybe my concerns don't seem as important to doctors and I am just very unpleased with my interaction I had and my concerns were not heard. I have not ever stepped foot in an ER for myself since I was probably a child, I do not like the hospital and I deemed this an important enough painful issue that now needed to be looked at (which I also told this to the doctor). I am also aware it is very very busy in the MRI station, and I would have just liked to have had an MRI booked that day by the doctor working (which I asked for) and by doing this I could have my knee taken care of way faster instead of waiting 2 months to get an MRI after going through all the motions. It would have been nice if the doctor actually listened and realized a huge pop in someone's knee isn't just a sprain it's an actual concern.  I am still in pain, have difficulty going up and down stairs and cannot perform any type of physical activity other than walking (short distances) and upper body workouts. This could have been sooner resolved if I was listened too.  Thank you for your time.
I came to emergency at XXX on XXXXXXXXXXXX for my hands (carpel tunnel) and I fell and broke my left hosp and stayed 3 weeks until XXXXXXXXXXXX.  Nothing has been done for my hands & I'm still in pain.  It was not a good experience
I can not thank the doctors & nurses for the service they provided for me.
I can understand given the current climate, that a hospital bed may not always have been immediately available, and I was in emergency for almost 2 days while one did become available. That said, the emergency room gurney was quite uncomfortable and I developed a rather large bed sore which, even when commented to staff about, was not treated until after I had been placed in a room upstairs. Consequently, it has taken a long time (incl. after coming home) to treat the sore and have it healed. That is the only really 'negative' I had for this stay.
I cannot say enough about the excellent care I received from my nurses, they were exceptional and I am very grateful for that.  They were obviously understaffed, but still treated me with the utmost care and compassion.  However at the pace they were working I could see them burning out quickly.  If there were any hiccups in my stay it was from things that were beyond anyone's control.  ie - the state and mental well being of other patients in the hospital, that required additional care.  ie - there was a patient that was in distress, that kept yelling, and yelling and yelling even while being sedated, wasn't much fun.  However I have to say the nurses were so compassionate to this person, I thought these ladies are definitely meant to be nurses.
I can't say enough about the wonderful care I was given especially during COVID-19.  Dr XXXXX (both drs) nurses + staff + cardiology dept
I can't thank the staff, nurses PSWS and all staff cleaning enough for making my stay at XXX as comfortable as possible under the circumstances!!  One question though why could this not be done in house instead of a third party??
I chose your hospital for the low blood transfusion attention your hospital has.  You have a good team support and it reassured me in this stressful time  Thank you for caring for your patient's well being.
I completed the survey based on my care at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXX (in ICU, specifically) from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  I was admitted XXXXXXXXXXXXXX after a massive lower GI bleed.  The quality of care that I received while in ICU was exceptional to say the least.  I have nothing but positive remarks for the care that I received from doctors and nurses on the ICU floor.  Our Emergency Department, however, lacked in every way possible.  It was extremely disorganized & unprofessional.  Upon arrival, by ambulance to the hospital I was assessed in the emergency department; they did an ECG + blood work.  After waiting for some time I was sent out to answer additional questions with an admissions clerk + then sent to "stand" in the emergency department waiting room.  I left my place of work by ambulance, I was sweating excessively, confused, having difficulty with vision, extremely pale in appearance, blood in stool, vomiting + lost consciousness.  Actually it was in my report that when EMG arrived at 4:20 p.m. that day, that I had no pulse.  I had open heart surgery in XXXX to replace an aortic heart valve + because of this, I thought my mechanical heart valve could be malfunctioning.  So, to be brought by ambulance to the hospital + sent out to the waiting room did not seem appropriate.  Within 15-20 min. of standing in the emergency waiting room I started with the same symptoms I was experiencing at work.  Thankfully, I had family members with me.  I lost consciousness (as my blood pressure kept bottoming out); my wife ran to the xxxxx + indicated to her the urgency - the xxxxx looked up from her paperwork + responded "I let them know" + offered nothing else.  As I completely lost consciousness at this point + was on the floor, my daughter then ran up to the window + was told "go see triage" ... without any instruction, any assistance.  My daughter in law was calling out for help for a nurse to being out a blood pressure cuff ... nothing happened; no one helped.  My daughter opened the door to the Triage Room where a nurse was sitting inside + she took my blood pressure + at that point brought me back into emergency + out of the waiting room area.   Once in the back; I waited 5 hours, passing out an additional 4 times + having my worst "bleed out" at 10:00 p.m.   The resident doctor, when we could find her insisted a few times (conversations) that I probably had a flu/virus due to the fact that I was 'vomiting' + 'hot' earlier.  When I asked her why it's possible there was blood in my stool, she passed it off that based on scope results from 2 years ago that I could have had hemorrhoids.  She even mentioned that I could possibly be released that night.  The resident doctor was going off "assumption" at his point + clearly was not doing a "proper assessment".  My chart was randomly sitting on a chair (outside of soiled linens), only for a cleaner to pick up + deliver back to the nurse's station.  My wife had to assist me to the washroom ( as we were told no one was available to help) + that is when I had my massive bleed out.  My wife had to drag myself + the IV Tower from the washroom back to my stretcher in the hallway + I lost consciousness again.  At his point, my wife yelled out for assistance as my conditions was clearly worsening as I lay on the stretcher.  Waiting for what, I wasn't sure?  A nurse aided us + once I told her what had just happened .. with the severity for blood loss, she checked my charts + informed us that there was no indication of "blood" loss in my charts + this "totally changed everything".  Within no time I was brought up to ICU where I spent the next 13 days. A blood transfusion started immediately; eventually receiving 26 pints of blood during my stay.  Every test was performed + I received the critical care that I required.  The emergency service however, was not great.  This is my story + I hope it helps to make improvements in the areas needed.
I could not ask for better service  Doctor & nurses were very good & understanding!
I could not have been more satisfied with my care from entering the Er to my exit 2 1/2 days later.
I could not have received better care
I couldn't believe it there were just a few patients.
I couldn't of been looked after better they were great, thank you, you have great staff the nurses were so good.  Truly XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I did not get a room + had to remain in recovery room until my release (I was released early).  I did not have a doctor visit.  I have been in & out of hospital all my life and have experienced good changes, but short of nurses is where it is NOT good changes.  They seem to be under a lot of stress.  If it wasn't for nursers I would have been in lot more pain and discomfort in m y earlier stays especially in my youth.  - Even more important, my daughter about 15+ years ago might not have lived if not for a nurse taking the time to check on her.
I did not get anything to eat from the time I got to emergency (3pm XXXXXX) until breakfast XXXXXXXX
I did not have enough information from my doctor regarding my medication  I had a difficult time trying to get that information.  *The nurses were very good*
I did not have life threatening emergency -  Emer was crowded & busy - I expect some wait-time, appox 2-3 hrs is reasonable  - Staff were hurried and totally awesome and then some.
I did not have one meal that I could eat in my stay.
I did not know why I had no choice for my meals
I did not like the fact that a patient had a bucket and was vomiting in the waiting room among the other patients.  I felt really bad for that person and I felt a little sick to my stomach watching
I did not receive the CT scan CAT x-rays I needed to take to my hometown doctor.  I had no toothbrush given
I did think I should have another day.  Once I got home I wished I would have stayed another day. Didn't have any help at home.
I didn't like that my family couldn't come see me.  I felt lonely, and sad.  I couldn't have any visitors.  I had a heart attack  Mrs. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I didn't receive any information for my first stay in the hospital, as the hospital had to monitor the baby. No information was given to me.
I do appreciate after such a long wait in emerg, then a cot to a bed on floors in the tv room, with no washroom, it was very inconvenient to go to the next rm in the extreme internal pain I was in other wise I was happy with services from staff & physicians.
I do believe that everyone was very nice and professional they made my stay comfortable.  Everyone was very nice.
I do have a complaint  I had major surgery  So at my preadmission I requested a semi private room after surgery  I thought I was only going to be in for a couple of days  I ended up being in for 9 days because of complications which cost me over $2000.00  The other lady in my room didn't have to pay anything which I didn't think was fair.  Also cleaning staff did not clean very well  Also I had 1 poor P.S.W.
I do not like hospitals but I had a good stay
I do not think that sitting in chairs in the little room is very good for patients.  When you're in pain you want a bed to lay in, not sitting up in chairs.  Also no privacy when getting treatment from the nurse - IV etc.
I do not understand the (unreadable) now.
I do not understand the policy that presumes that a person is called by their first listed name why not ask the patient by what name they wish to be called and use it.  Many people are called by their middle name if you want to wake me from a coma - use the name I am always called ask!  That would truly be respectful.
I don't believe I received proper pain relief for the surgery of a left leg nail insertion 6 weeks later so unlimited to what I can do and no pain medication
I don't know how they all do it  Jobs very well done!  Completely thank you XX
I don't see the point in this survey.  Wasn't long enough in the hospital.  A star to your doctors + nurses who are the greatest.
I don't want another hospitals tay, but I if I had to I would want it to be at XXX.  XXXXXXXXXXX
I enjoyed my stay at your hospital, however the food served is not very good.  Other than that I was very comfortable.  The food dept definitely needs help.
I enjoyed my stay nurses of the fourth floor were wonderful. Empathy, support were everyday with those nurses. Maybe they teach that in nursing school now. It so good for them and us.
I enjoyed my stay of 7 days.  Thanks to all heroes working for us!
I feel a woman & man (nurses or doctors) should be present at all times while the patient is being seen.  Male or female patients!  XX
I feel homecare after surgery was not discussed.  I'm XX and my husband is XX  We needed help after I came home yet no one call from XXXX or the hospital or doctor talked to me about additional assistance at home.  Very disappointed!!
I feel I was discharged too early due to pressure from my surgeon.  (ended up having to be readmitted to our local hospital for 4.5 days to manage issues for pain and mobility from surgery)
I feel not enough information was provided before I left the hospitals.  At home, I found instructions provided by the doctor on an earlier appointment and a pamphlet from the XXXXXXXXXXXXX on exercises to do after surgery which should have had upon leaving the hospital
I feel some nurses and staff wear too much perfume or body spray an uses too strong of body wash.
I feel that better communication should be used between the info desk and nursing stations my husband went to pick me up and they told him I wasn't there and they wouldn't contact nursing station when asked.
I feel that I was in for day surgery and the survey doesn't cover that
I feel that more nurses and doctors are needed in the emergency department.  I did receive good care, but you can clearly see that they are overworked and understaffed
I feel that my hospital stay may not reflect the care received by the general public  I am a XX employed by XXXXXXXXXXXX and most of my care provides were aware of this
I feel that the staff is very capable and caring.  However.  Short handed and working with less.  Walking through the main doors very dim and not very inviting - parking tickets all over the floor needs a cleanup!
I feel that the wait time was much too long I feel that I was past up for other patients who were vocal or crying although they appeared to have similiar injuries.  If 'triage' is really a concern at the emergency then I should have been treated quickly in order to get me out  Lastly I was not shown my x-ray  This is a concern to me  If healthcare is "free" in Canada, why was I sent a bill for $100?
I feel that we do not enough staff - 12 hour shifts do not make sense - too much repetitive paper work = unclean dept - lying on a partially covered stretcher
I feel the 8th floor is understaffed - nurses PSW etc are moving (unreadable)  When more cuts are made it should be to upper management not front line staff"  Seems upper mgt. care less about the patients!!  First time in hospital in over 40 yrs.  Hope its another to before I go back!!!
I feel the emergency department needs more funding for more staff to shorten waiting time
I feel when you come to emergency, someone is there to help you the best they can.
I feel you should have more staff.  The nurse are great, but there overworked.
I felt I received excellent care.  I have absolutely no complaints.  Thank you to all staff.
I felt I should have stayed a day or two longer after a week at home.  I am no in another hospital with a stroke.
I felt I was in good hands  Thanks XXX
I felt I was treated very well.
I felt like nobody knew what to do or how to treat me.  I was very afraid and felt like nothing has been resolved.
I felt like the doc could have checked me by pressing on the hard part of my thumb.  He just went by xrays and sent me away, and I was in lots of pain, I felt I was just brushed off!  It was like he didn't care and I am still in lots pain going O.S my NP sending me for more test.
I felt lucky on this visit because there was only one other person in the emergency.  On other visits in the pass I have waited up to 10 hrs  Just depends on how busy you are.
I felt more comfortable in a semiprivate room.  A woman with alzheimer's walked into our room at night.  Busy a woman, if a man with alzheimer's walked into my room, I would have been scared.  Glad I wasn't alone in my room.
I felt quite safe in hospital, and the staff were very good to me! Food was also fine!
I felt safe + I was taken care of properly.
I felt that my concerns about my health weren't taken seriously and that I would have had to be on my death bed before anybody would help me  I was sent away with no answers or resources regarding figuring out what was wrong.
I felt the emergency doctor was very uninterested in my problem.  She appeared to be very unconcerned and in a hurry to get rid of me.  I do not feel she was doing her profession.  Did not discuss results of xray, nothing she could do, recommend physio.
I felt the staff cared about me.  I had excellent care!  XXXXXXXXX.
I felt very "safe" by the way the coronavirus precautions were done!  Thank you!
I felt very comfortable in my surroundings during my stay at XXX, all staff were very courteous I have no negative feelings about my stay.
I felt very confident with the excellent care and thorough pre-op testing as well.
I felt very welcomed  Plus I was treated like a person  Thank you
I felt very well cared for by all hospital staff from emergency staff to surgical staff, post surgical floor and cleaning staff  I appreciated all efforts made for my comfort  Thank you Ms XXXXXXXX
I filled this form for my wife XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I find that the floor and bathrooms are not always too clean, they just go in the middle not around the corners.
I find that the hallways are very cluttered which makes the department look like it is a temporary location  It could look more organized and comforting?  If that makes sense
I find that the ones who register us when we arrive at emerg are not always cheerful, caring, compassionate, cleanliness is also lacking  Thank you for this survey
I find the cleanliness of the hospital awful.  I feel with the diseases going around and the way it is being cleaned things are going to get a lot worse.
I found all staff professional and willing to assist in providing me the best car possible.  The only main concern I encountered is that the floor I was assigned (7th) had two main corridors with several short halls connecting the two.  When taking my prescribed walks, I would cross between main halls. On my third walk I was advised by nursing staff that the one hall was contaminated with COVID and not to walk there,  There were no signs on the crossovers warning not to enter the hallway. I felt concerned that I might have been exposed to COVID even though patients in that area were in their rooms.
I found cleanliness to be an issue (bathroom).  - I was discharged by physician at 8:00 AM but final discharge wasn't complete until 12:30 PM.  This took way too long.
I found everyone excellent in the dept except for xxxxx nurse.  xxxxx was dismissed.  Others I spoke with while waiting found xxxxx the same.  I rated overall experience 7 due to the wait times.
I found it was very hard to sleep.  A lot of beeping lights and rather loud conversations between staff + patients  Overall care was good.
I found my stay excellent except the meals.  Supper & breakfast absolutely cold, dropped and raw  There is no comfort after surgery in cold, soup, coffee, as you can do much better as your kitchen services.
I found nights at the hosp very noisy.  People in the rooms with me, receiving and transmitting cell phone calls and playing video games with volume high
I found out the last time I was out of the hospital XXXXXX back in XXXXXXXXX to XXXXXXX found out that in XXXX I had a bug or virus in my lungs dr knew the medication weren't taking of it.  Still let me out.
I found some of the food to be somewhat tasteless
I found that COVID 19 protocols were not always followed  Nurses house keeping staff doctors not always wearing a mask - I had to ask for a mask - when I was being taken out of hospital
I found the hospital quite clean & very helpful.  The nurses were fabulous to me.  This is the best stay I have ever had in a hospital.  Thank you so much.
I found the hospital to be very dirty.  Dead flies in overhead lights.  Dirty floors  Food always cold and tasteless
I found the overall staff to be courteous and compassionate - at times they seemed to be overworked but nonetheless were available  Thanks for the excellent care.
I found the students were courteous and very helpful.
I found the wait in emerge difficult - not being able to breath & long 6 pm to 3 am not seeing a doctor.  Diagnosed at 7:15 am.  Doctor XXXXXX very thorough & understanding.
I found the wait time was incredibly long and at one point no place to sit once in ED secondary waiting area I had to stand I was however very happy with my ER doctor, she listened and made sure she covered all bases.  PS I hugged her before leaving.  She deserved one!
I found the waiting for my test very long.  Always thought if you were admitted to hospital you had priority.  I was admitted on a XXXXXX they did the test on XXXXXXXXX I was discharged on XXXXXXXX #'s of my INR had to be acceptable before I can leave.
I found the washroom to have needed cleaning i.e. corners where floor meet walls full of dust/sand/dirt, walls had drips on them, garbage needed emptying. While the taps were shiny and sink was clean I had a feeling deeper cleaning was never done. This was disturbing since I felt vulnerable to catching something as my immune system was compromised when i went into hospital as i had flu symptoms. In the recovery room I was in there were appx 9-10 men and women. Two people coughed, a very heavy, phlegmy cough all night long. I was fearful of catching what they had.  Given the state of the bathroom (i.e. lack of deep cleaning) and the fact that all of us used the same bathroom; and me developing that same cough and subsequently a very nasty cold right after i left the hospital, in my opinion there wasn't enough cleaning and sanitizing done in the washroom and the bedroom or efforts to isolate these people from the rest of us. I'm just glad it wasn't Covid19 or perhaps it was a mild form of it, as it lasted well over 3 weeks after I caught it and I've never had a cold like that in my lifetime in terms of length and amount of phlegm (i'm XX years old)
I found the whole procedure, from pre admin knee surgery info. making thorough so the surgery and after very well coordinated.
I found your staff, PSWs, nurses, maintenance workers, etc, nice mostly in good spirits, friendly and always ready to give a helping hand.  XX
I gave my travel grant to a nurse who said she would put it on my file for doctor to sign upon release.  Travel grant was not in my file  I was told I can bring another one back in 6 weeks for follow up appt and doctor would sign both grants at that time.  Money was needed for travel.  Not impressed!
I got 2 abdominal needles from 2 different nurses one was painless and the other was extremely painful for the same needle Why???
I got excellent care at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  XXXXXXXX
I got good service
I had 2 trips within 3 weeks to hospital for surgery.  I had excellent care in ICU & on the follow up unit, 1 overnight being a XX year old RN I had no complaints. Great care!!
I had 3 meals in hospital  It was the worst food I have ever had, not fit for human consumption, as a matter of fact, I don't think my dog would eat it
I had a bad experience when getting checked in through emergency with my broken leg, but the staff for my surgery was amazing!
I had a blood transfusion  I was asked if this was OK for me to accept it or did religious complaints. I accepted the transfusion.  I also received a letter from the government  In the letter explained it was healthy blood but if I became ill not (unreadable) the blood bank immediate
I had a common procedure which was explained in a booklet - I was not given the booklet until discharge  This caused me problems in my return to home.  A booklet like this would have helped at time of admission
I had a concern about the cleaning lady didn't wore a mask or gloves was not happy about this
I had a couple of incidences in cardiac recovery that could have had bad results.  The recovery wsa understaffed due to flu  My cares a c nurse yelled for assistance + it took 4 nurses to get me back up + not lose consciousness which took from the other patients.  The nurses were completely amazing and I give them full credit if for averting any other health issues
I had a fall at school and they should've ran tests.
I had a good experience at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  I had all the care I needed.  Food was good.  The price for food at the cafeteria should be a lot less expensive $9 95 for a sandwich is too much plus having to pay for a parking space
I had a good hospital experience except for COVID  I had no family support.
I had a good stay and was treated very well.  They respected me  Doctors and nurse were explain everything to me with all that is going on Cov-19  Thank you
I had a great experience during my stay and there is nothing I can complain about. The staff at the hospital are doing an amazing job.
I had a great experience from the ER to being admitted, getting surgery all staff were very nice & helpful & professional
I had a great nurse during the day but the nurse from night shift needs to find a different profession.  She was rude, slow, impatient and down right nasty.  It got to the point I had to learn how to disconnect myself from the machines (monitors) just so I could go to the bathroom.  She even got upset when she was just sitting there and I said, "excuse me", to get her attention.  Can't believe she is a nurse.  There was approx 10 patients in my room and this night nurse would leave the room for at least 30 minutes while leaving the monitors to beep away.  She even scolded an elderly man publicly because his sandbag fell off of his groin while he slept.  If she would have been in the room, checking on people, she would have noticed that right away.  What would have happened if he was bleeding?  All this happened the night of XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
I had a hip replacement and was released next morning.  Awesome!
I had a long wait when I had to be brought back to my room from my echogram - close to an hour and I was told that the reason was because of cutbacks.  Meals were "not" very appealing!
I had a nice time.  I would like to thank the nurses who were kind and friendly.  I a back on my feet and my scars are healing nicely
I had a nurse on the 7th floor named XXXXXXX excellent
I had a patient next bed who was very noisy
I had a pleasant stay (except for the roommate)  Everyone was very friendly.  The food could use some improvement
I had a positive experience, however there was construction outside the room which started around 6:30 am.  This was unpleasant after being awake all night with my newborn.
I had a really solid support system while I was in there, from the nurses, nurses helping cleaning staff, food services, all the people that did tests on me  In 12 days I had no complaints whatsoever  Very good job all.
I had a terrible visit, I was so uncomfortable and embarrassed.  I should've let it pass at home because that's what happened.  I waited so long and was screaming "help me, please!" and throwing up bile into the garbage.  I was wrapped in a blanket.  I kept getting up and asking the nurses to help even the people next to me couldn't believe that they wouldn't even let me lay down I was about to lay on the floor.  I was also puking so hard, dry heaving, that I peed myself.  It took 3+ hours until I was able to see a doctor.  By that time it was starting to pass.  I was so scared.  I had no idea what was wrong, I was very upset that no one helped me, other than registering me and handing me a puke bucket. XXXXXXX.
I had a TIA last XXX - received very good care, and excellent follow up.  Every time I want to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, always received very good care, fast and efficient service.
I had a total knee replacement and wasn't comfortable being released immediately after the surgery since I live alone. I was relieved when I was given the choice to stay the one night. It was a wise decision on my part since I had an adverse reaction to some pain meds *vomiting* and the pain control was difficult to achieve. By the following afternoon I felt more comfortable about heading home.
I had a total knee replacement.  Woke up in recovery.  Good experience.  Moved to a room with (3) beds.  The patients in the other 2 beds spoke very loudly during late evening and all the nurse did was bring me earplugs.  Luckily the next morning I was moved to a private room.  I slept well that night.
I had a truly wonderful experience at XXX - the L&D nurses & my doctor (XXXXX) were amazing.  My fear is that the new cuts being made to nursing staff will be detrimental to the experiences of future moms-to-be.
I had a ureterectomy and was to go home with a catheter for 10 days.  The staff wanted to remove it after 3 days.  I had to ask them to contact my urologist/surgeon for confirmation.
I had a very good experience from the emergency room to being admitted + during my one week stay I was fortunate enough not to endure the shortages of staff or rooms during the stay.
I had a very good experience.  I was well cared for.  All nurses, doctors and medical staff were very professional.
I had a very high fever and my night nurse took away some of my blankets because she felt my fever was caused by blankets and not the meningitis needles to say I froze and was uncomfortable until morning and my day nurse arrived.  A student doctor was allowed to try to give me a lumbar puncture which she was unsuccessful for far too long before her supervisor took over.  I believe my husband said the student tried for over 20 minutes.  I was too ill to speak up, and wanted to remove consent.  My day nurse was exceptional.  The night nurses not so much.
I had a very pleasant stay, and every nurses I encountered was very pleasant and helpful to me.  Keep up the good care your patients do receive.
I had a wonderful experience with labour and delivery. Could not have asked for a better team to help me during, what could have been a very scary experience. They made me feel like I was part of all decisions and explained things very clearly. We did end up in the NICU and then pediatrics where I roomed in for almost a week. I just wanted to mention that the amount of students on the pediatric floor was too much for a recovering preemie and mother. It became very frustrating and slow which was especially frustrating since the baby needed to gain weight and would burn so many calories from crying due to lengthy assessments by students each feeding. I'm not sure if this is an XXX problem or a post-secondary problem accepting too many students for the size of our community/placement opportunities. I did just want to mention this here because it did cause a lot more stress during our stay.
I had a work place injury and the doctor did not want to fill out the company FAF because he had just filled out the W51B papers and did not want to fill out the paper twice  The company requires a completed FAF and W51B requires a completed FAF  I know they are similar but I needed both
I had an anterior hip replacement due to the fact that this hospital now has the table.  This procedure was different than what I expected + the follow up was nonexistent after leaving the hospital.  xxxxx instructions were rushed + should have been better.  Perhaps this is due to covid?  Once home I went to Google to see what to do.  I was only in the hospital one day + there were no rooms available so I was in a "short stay area"  Although the nurses were great, I don't think some understood the limitations of this orthopedic procedure.  I arranged my own private physio + there was not follow up for 11 days when I went to the ACU for a check up.
I had an excellent stay all staff were very helpful.
I had an excellent stay and support during my hospitalization at XXX I was provided with info post-discharge. I would like to thank all the nurses & staff who had cared for me my deepest gratitude to Dr. XXXXXX & his team!
I had an MI and was flown to XXXXXXX for treatment. I was there for two weeks because of complications the care was excellent on the XXX (5th) and ICU the nurse I had were exceptional in their care and the doctors were just (unreadable) I was in excellent hands during my sty and sure this incredible stay my life the teamwork and professionalism of everyone involved made the coordination of all service exceptional also throughout all of this my family was also well supported by everyone
I had an ultrasound and xray.  The ER dr. told me my rib was out of place.  When I went to my family physician he told me that the pain was caused by san in the gallbladder or cyst.  There should be a radiologist working the ER at all times to read the x-rays and ultrasounds at all times.  So the ER physicians give a proper diagnosis
I had back surgery and was treated with excellent care  The nurses + doctors was awesome.  We are turly blessed to have such wonderful + caring doctors + nurses, and I am very thankful we have such devoted + caring doctors + nurses + staff, from the surgery room to my room + entering the hospital  I would like to say a big thank you's for all the excellent care + kindness you gave me.  Thank you  Mrs XXXXXXXXXXXXX  And a big thank you to Dr. XXXXXX for helping me with my back  I have no pain in my ankle + hip + higher back  God bless you
I had breathing problems and only after the 3rd visit was I told that my nose was swelled up (unreadable)  She gave me a nose spray & had anxiety attacks & never had to go back.
I had difficult remembering this visit
I had Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX when I was in ICu and was dealing with possible sleep apnea.  She explained to me that she had to report to the ministry that I had sleep apnea and that I would have time ot get a sleep apnea test done before any action would be done.  I was at home for 2 weeks and when I check the mail had a letter from the license bureau stating that my license was suspended as of XXXXXXXXX.  I got out on XXXXXXXX so it was only 11 days after I got out.  I talked to my family doctor and he said that, that never happens they always give you time to get tested to see how severe it is before they do anything at the license bureau.  So since this has happened I have been without my license since XXXXXXXX.  I am the only one in one household with a license so you can see how hard it been to get around to do anything.  Dr. apts, shopping etc, and this all because Dr. XXXXXXX filled out the paper wrong or something.  Now I have to get a physical done at my expense $150.00 and then get my license reinstated at a cost of ? because I have to wait 6-8 weeks so the sleep lab can read the results + give them to my family doctor so I am very disappointed in these actions of a trained doctor for upsetting my entire life.  Thank you Dr. XXXXXXX.  Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I had emergency surgery - ended up with colostomy - my 3rd night post surgery @ 10 pm I realized - besides the pain I was already in - I started to pass kidney stones  My nurse would not call dr - told me to stop ringing + disturbing - took my ringer away - shut the lights + door and left me screaming in pain until 6 am - I did report to floor manager!
I had excellent care
I had excellent care + service.
I had excellent care all the time I was in hospital!  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  (still a little shaky after my operation ... sorry)
I had excellent care at the hospital I had young training nurses that were well educated in their field. I could not ask for better care I thank them very much XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I had excellent care at the hospital.  Highly trained personnel, nurses, doctors
I had excellent care, but believe the nurses need more help I know it's a big job taking care of the sick but there has to be a solution XX
I had excellent service
I had excellent service.  No complaints treated with dignity and respect.
I had good care because I had a health advocate with me.  We did observe some who were alone without a family member or friend who did not get checked on as often as required for their older adult (90+) age and stressful hospital visit.
I had great nurses during my stay at XXX.  I feel bad as they are so understaffed and are running constantly for the patients.  Bells are ringing constantly and they don't even have a minute to take a extra breath.  Great job to the nurses that looked after me.
I had great service with this health care team!  However, you feel like you are piled up  There's a lack of space and staff, they run around to try and help everyone, it's unacceptable.
I had horror stories about XXX but after my stay and treatment I do not believe a word  All the staff especially doctors & nurses were great  The nurses deserve more credit and should be better paid  Thanks to all the staff
I had lung surgery and leaving I couldn't breathe because people smoking, it took my breath away and it wasn't nice.
I had minor chest pain while in hospital which no one seemed concerned about.  Following discharge (still with chest pain) I had to go to emergency locally less than 12 hours later.  I am now having to undergo a second procedure as my issue was not solved.
I had no idea when I went in that I had a bowel blockage, I was fortunate that the tube they put in my nose worked & I did not need surgery.  When I left the hospital, I was given a special diet to follow.  I was informed on how to proceed if problems came up again
I had not stayed overnight in a hospital for about four decades (appendicitis) talk about hospital experiences on the outside can be very negative.  My four days and nights in XXXXXXXXXXX were a positive and pleasant experience in every respect.  I have nothing negative to say.
I had one nurse on 7 North who was rough, rude and nasty.  Every other nurse, doctor, lab and x-ray techs were excellent.
I had surgery for a thoria condition  My Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX was excellent.  My nurses & caregivers in the ICU & surgical floor were excellent  I thank them all
I had the best care ever.  Very kind staff & very helpful, only the food wasn't the best.
I had the best care I have ever had in a hospital, my nurse XXXXXXX was the most caring nurse I have ever had.  She was patient and kind and funny and gentle and made my stay the best!
I had the best care while I was in hospital.  Great nurses.  Best doctor surgeon I ever had.
I had this done many times would like to see another method for putting intervenous in, hurts like hell, if they can find the vein one try on my foot to take blood that time, she had to remove it, pain
I had to spend the first night in the hallway of ER (no rooms). Other than that, everything was very good.
I had to stay, unexpectedly overnight - when my plane didn't come in - everything was done to make me comfortable, and the nurses were excellent - my dr., XXXX is excellent - quite an asset to your staff - thank you he had arranged for me to stay - all was done for me.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I hardly remember what happened as I was air ambulanced to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX so, I hope I filled this out alright.
I hated the experience. I felt like I wasn't helped.
I have a chronic autoimmune my pain should be taken seriously, I have a complicated condition and my pain can often be overbooked.  I have been left hours at a time in pain  The nurses are fantastic!
I have a nice stay at the hospital XXXXXXXXXXXX
I have a throat stoma (laryngectomy) with xxxxx and was informed by all nurses that they knew nothing about my stoma and had never seen one like mine EVER!  Which made my stay even more anxious and afraid.  Even your xxxxx couldn't help me very awful feeling ...  please take the time to train staff  One example - nurse placed a OR  should I say covered my SPMA with a Kleenex which if not for my wife, I was suffocation  I can go on + on
I have anemia and required 1 pint of blood after I was released from the hospital.  This should have been taken care of while I was in the hospital other than that, I was pleased with the hospital staff + services.
I have been a day patient at XXX for the last several years, usually one or twice during the year  Any staff I have had contact with (even just asking questions) have been very courteous + kind.  I have nothing negative to say regarding my experiences with staff @ XXX.  Hope I showed it.  Thank you  XXXXXXXXXXXX
I have been taking Terazosin 2mg for urine flow for over twenty years, because the XXXXXXX doctor believed it for blood pressure and discontinued it, I now must wear a catheter.
I have cancer in my lungs liver bowels + throat
I have congestive heart failure when lasik isn't working I swell up greatly on more than one visit I was told to go home and take more lasik.  I usually ask if Dr. XXXXXXX can be notified.  We come home & call ourselves
I have coverage for a private room.  Out of a 6 night stay I spent only two (2) nights in one + no time during the day.  I was there stuck in a ward not even a semi-private. I was not impressed.  You would have received ALWAYS except for one nurse who was aggressive, rude + totally unhelpful.
I have coverage for a semi private room, but was placed in a ward with curtains between the beds, very cramped space, a bit noisy.
I have gone to the emerg. dept twice for the same complaint, a minor chest pain (XXXXX, XXXXXXXX  They did an ECG, blood tests + on the second visit a chest xray as well these tests came back ok  I had a stent installed on XXXXXXXXXX  My point is that I had previously thought that if something was wrong the most immediate way to discover what the problem was was to go directly to the hospital particularly in the case of chest pains  Since then, I realize that the doctors in emergency are there to deal with emergencies + do not have the time to delve into problems that are not emergencies  I should not have gone back the second time, even though I was advised to do so by the attending physician on my first visit if the pain persisted on my second visit my attending physician suggested I see my cardiologist and sent him a note on my behalf  I am now entering my second week of waiting for my cardiologist's office to get back to me to make an appointment to see him  I assume that if I end up back at the hospital I will be sent there for some more specific reason by my cardiologist.
I have had 2 previous visits in the last 6 yrs and was more than satisfied with the care and attention received  I would like to add that the service of the paramedics + ambulance attendants has always been excellent.
I have had a stay at another hospital that did not have PSW and I feel they are a great asset to your hospital.  While not a part of the hospital the xxxxx that talked to my wife and I was one of the most ignorant people I have encountered in the health industry.
I have had the utmost of care every time I have been admitted.  All testing equipment on site
I have HHT - it is a genetic disorder xxxxxx (xxxxxx Syndrome) my last visit was excellent.  It was very busy but Dr XXXXXXX & his team was very good
I have high reviews of my experience dealing with the clinic staff. The questions didn't relate to dr. however. The doctor really didn't speak to me very much.  Seemed a bit unapproachable.
I have Huntington disease.  I am XX yrs old.  I see many doctors for it.
I have little recollection of OR day & the next day I was on dilaudid so was a bit spacey until discharge.  I have answered what I remember.  The NA is that I don't remember.
I have never had a bad experience in a Canadian hospital
I have no complaints about any of my care  Thank you
I have no complaints about my 2 night hospital stay.
I have no complaints whatsoever, everyone was helpful.  XXXXXXXXX
I have no problem with the hospital or staff - doctor - nurses at any time that I had healing with XXXXXXXXXXX
I have nothing but good things to say about my hospital stay.  Everyone was very helpful and kind and ready to help.
I have nothing but praise for my doctor (XXXXX) and the nursing staff.  The physio that I needed was so well organized along with the advanced education I required before entering the hospital was excellent.  Keep up the excellent work.
I have only good things to say about our hospital staff nurses, doctors + cleaning staff  They are all wonderful + I recommend them always  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
I have only good to say about my stay  The help that I was given
I have only praise for the care and consideration I received at XXX I was treated with kindness and respect at all times. The staff is comprised of truly superheroes.
I have to say I was treated with great care even when I was a little difficult the first night I arrived.  Everyone treated me with the best care possible.  I have great praise for all the nurses + doctors that treated me with respect
I have very good service  99.00
I have waited 6-8 hours!  Care is good when you get it.
I hope everyone keeps up the good work. We sure got good treatment from everyone involved. Thanks.
I just want to say that we are all human beings.  As long that we try to do our best and not forget to be kind + patient with one-another - These last two years have been difficult for me at crisis and at the ER.  I want to thank XXXXXX for being there.  Thank you
I just wished there would have been more nurses on.  The staff was overwhelmed as most beds were taken.  Once you've burnt them out who will be abel to take care of the patients.
I know the staff is reduced but the waiting time is to long. The nurses do their best but there is not enough of them  They are over worked. They need more nurses  The girls in reception should be friendlier
I left the ER without being seen, after a long enough wait. The ER was not my 1st source of treatment that day. After leaving work I called Telehealth who told me I should see a doctor within 4 hrs, I then went to my GP's private walk, in clinic who directed me to the ER for acute symptoms. I could not wait at the ER any longer. 1 person was called in the entire time and I was getting progressively worse due to the environment
I like to say thank you to doctors and staff.
I lost about 10 lbs with the breakfast and dinner they serve me 1 toast and a bowl of cereal dinner one sandwich
I moved through triage and blood work very quickly that was excellent I was seen by a doctor within 4 hours with bloodwork results.  However, getting released was slowed waiting for a prescription that the doctor said the nurse would bring momentarily.  To me, this is an area to think about from a process flow perspective if he could have handed me the prescription right away and then I could have gone to the desk to receive my "release" paper.  Consider using some process mapping tools and perhaps some digitization.  Display screens for the nurses & doctors that could be updated with status of the patient.  Overall, I have always received good care in XXXXXXX 2 years ago.  I brought my daughter in with a broken wrist.  It was slow we arrived at 6 pm and left at 2 am.  Hard for a X year old.  But the care from Dr. XXXXX was excellent the best I have ever experience b/c he cared for and to my daughter directly.  Spoke directly to her while I was there as her support person.  He did not ignore her and speak to me.  Also, while we were not sure if her arm was broken he didn't make me feel I had overreacted or wasted anyone's time.  The wrist was confirmed broken eventually by xray that evening.  Another example of great care my father was seen b/c of dehydration from food poisoning.  He was treated but an x-ray was taken of his abdomen in the x-ray they saw something on the lung.  He had been released by then the x-ray must have been re-read by someone after he left.  He got a call directly by the doctor the next day.  The following day they had scheduled a CAT scan and he had results quickly.  My father was visited from XXXXXXXXXXX he had all this done before he went home within the week!!  He would not have received such great care had he been in his own home province.  Thank you
I must commend the care + enthusiasm with which the many volunteers carry out their duties.  They made me feel at ease in a large hospital as soon as I walked through the front door.  Because of their dedication, the professionals in all departments are able to function efficiently.
I need to eat when I need to as some of my meds need to be taken with food.  I was restricted in this regard (I guess I was considered a "flight risk")
I never had a room.  My stay was in recovery room, no privacy and patient next to me vomit all night.  He took all the care from the staff.  Never slept all night.  Got out as soon as I could.  We need rooms to recover.
I noticed that when given my meds, I was told to take them all at once whenever given.  Later I learned that certain meds needed to be given at different times rather then all at once
I noticed that you asked no questions regarding food - Your food leaves much to be desired.  My family supplied my food.  I can tell you that I do not eat tuna or chicken sandwiches again the hosp food is a disgrace.  How do you expect a pt to get better all the food that is provided
I only seen the doctor for less than 30 seconds than I dealt with his resident the rest of the time. I was there for my XX month old daughter. My daughter's doctor called an ambulance for my daughter because she was extremely lethargic (couldn't even hold her head up). When we got to the ED the resident said they were going to collect a urine sample, do blood work, and refer us to the pediatric unit. They only took the urine sample and while waiting for the results the resident told us that if the urine results were normal they would send us home. Then I asked what about the blood work and she said because my daughter didn't have an abnormal temperature, 'there was really nothing that blood work could tell us'. Urine came back normal so they sent us home. Dr. XXXXXXXX (my daughter's doctor that called the ambulance for her) couldn't believe all they did was a urine and sent us home. Five hours for what? For a urine I could have had done in the doctor's office. Ridiculous. And we're talking about a XX month old baby here. Totally shocked and not impressed with XXX ED.
I only spend one night in hospital and was very pleased with everyone
I only stayed in hospital 1 night so some questions don't quite fit my stay.
I only stayed one night.  I stayed in the ward - there is people coming in and out all the time - I understand there is going to be noise.  Good thing I only stayed one night but all nurses were so nice  They joke around with me so I felt comfortable
I personally think the TRIAGE isn't a good idea.  If you don't cry, complain or yell, your not considered as emergency case.  You wait & wait til you're the last one waiting.  P.S. Something definitely needs to be done about the TRIAGE!
I purposely went to the emergency dept early in the morning (before 7:00 AM) to beat the "rush"  The waiting/intake area was empty but once past triage there were lots of patients.  I required blood work + a CT scan which prolonged my stay in the emergency dept
I questioned a medication they were about to give me and found out it was one I haven't been taking and I shouldn't have (Celebrex)  So I was on a blood thinner - didn't take it, nurse checked and found out was an (unreadable)  Luckily I was aware of the situation and questioned it.  Plus was given conflicting info as to how long my stay would be - was told once would be 2-3 days - other time only overnight.  I only stayed one night but was confusing for those who were to pick me up.
I realize that this is a very busy area, you need more staff  Get rid of the pencil pushers
I realize the strain the hospital is under and had 4 different rooms in 55 days.  I still received excellent care by the nurses - some went above and beyond what their regular duties were.  I have great admiration and respect for them.
I really did not like spending the first night in emerge not much care there, second night was nice to have a real room my nurse XXXX was awesome the morning one not so friendly.
I really enjoyed my 5 days stay at the hospital  Staff what very helpful took really good care of me
I really enjoyed my time in Short Stay and on 4th floor  Excellent nursing care
I received a bad head cold waiting 5 ot 6 hours in the waiting room
I received excellent care and the ER doctor who saw me was very thorough and helped to diagnose my type 1 diabetes before I got worse.  All my nurses and doctors worked hard to give me the best care.
I received excellent care every time I went to emergency
I received excellent care from all staff.  I felt very well taken care of but spending 2 days in emergency was very "frightening" re other types of patients  The staff gave excellent attention to all 'amazing' XXX needs help with beds!!!  The staff + patients deserve a better facility!
I received excellent care from all the staff at the hospital during my stay. I would like to say thank you for all of what the nurses and doctors do.
I received excellent care from everyone involved.  I wish I could remember their names to give individual shout outs, but it was a rockstar team on and I am super thankful for all that they did!
I received excellent care from XXXXXX in emerg and on 7N form XXXXXXX, XXXX, XXXXXX, XXXXXX, XXXXX, & XXXXXXXXX plus from PSW XXXXX they were great!!
I received excellent care while in hospital emergency care and seven days in cardiac wing.  I met caring and professional health caregivers.
I received great care from the nurses & doctor keep up the good work.
I received very good care while in the hospital.
I registered quickly but waited only 2 hrs & 20 minutes to be called.  I understand why and am not complaining considering how busy it was.  My care in the emergency dept. was excellent.
I requested to see a Social Worker prior to surgery. This was quickly arranged & she followed up with me post surgery. Very helpful most nurses were amazing & work hard!
I respect professionals in the medical field, however I will gladly make an exception re. ER doctor - Dr XXXXXX or XXXXXX in ER. the afternoon-evening of XXXXX XXXXXX.  This man is ignorant, abusive, arrogant, obnoxious, my wife & I 'hate' this awful man - my only negative about my stay.
I returned the FL survey & asked for an English one to better respond to questions only to receive another French survey  I did the best to answer but do prefer communication in English.  Although I'm French, I find the English easier to understand  Thanks
I saw the doctor in my room at the hospital but, I never saw him again after that.
I saw very few hospital staff but the ones I did were very nice and took very good care of my baby who needed the extra care.
I seen a few not nice thing done to patients that could (1) not help themselves at the time.  Cancer operation room or was left in middle of bed not up on pillow I called + gave them hell.  Nurses short tempered.  Food is the worst I ever had, cold never hot, no tastes.  Can't eat pork, beef, all ways got it.  Yes it was in my file.  Took them 3 hrs to get me something else.  All the time tuna or egg sandwich sick of them now.  No condiments salt, pepper butter etc.  Never could sleep, noisy in the hall in the my room.  Nurses had a party one night to XXXXXXXXXXX 7th floor some nurses took covid rules to lightly.  I felt unsafe.  Cleaners were very nice and the porters.
I should have asked more questions of do's & don'ts while I was in the hospital.  To be honest, I guess it could be said that maybe I wouldn't have known what questions to ask until I lived it.
I slept 98% of the time but my stay no regrets.  I highly recommend this hospital.  ty
I spend the first night without sleep in the emergency dept. I'm a light sleeper  Thank you for the good services
I spent 19 hours on a gurney in the hallway, in excruciating pain  Nobody gave me anything for it  My large bowel ruptured in the hallway.  A nurse was walking by, and I guess she new I was in need  God bless her!  I was near death, at XX!
I spent 9 days in hospital + I was happy + pleased with the care I received XXXXXXXX
I spent my first night in emerg because there were no beds and at 4 am I felt nauseous and needed a pail to vomit.  When I asked the nurse siting behind the desk for a pail, she pointed at the garbage can which was full of discarded gloves, masks and paper towel and said "just use that"  When another nurse saw me leaning over the can vomiting, he gave me a bucket and made sure I was okay.  My second night was spent in the tub room right beside the showers because there were no beds.  When I was moved to a room, there was no washroom and I had to walk to another patient's room and use theirs  I was in for 6 days and because I was considered "independent," I got no assistance for showering or bathroom even though I was hooked up to IV most of my stay.  My bedding was never changed and I did not see a PSW at all during my stay.  At times, I felt the nurses were annoyed that I was bothering them when I would ask them to help me.
I spent over 2 days at the hospital on my first visit in XXX.  There was no result from any test taken when I was in.  When I let I was sent home via taxi without a jacket or boot as they could not wait for my staff to come pick me up.  One week later I ended back in and still no results to the test that had been repeated from the week before.  They thought it would be one thing and treated that but didn't make any sense with my life style.  I followed up with my family doctor that conformed the meds I was prescribed @ the hospital didn't make sense.  He tried a to take me off my oxygen therapy thinking this was causing everything I was back @ the hospital to complete bloodwork and walking test but due to the computer hack they could not process my blood work.  We tried to go through other company's but due to this blood work only be processed @ the hospital in XXXXXXX still unable to complete this test.  When waiting for my blood work to be able to completed my symptoms worsened and I was put back on oxygen by my oxygen provider.  When we got the blood work completed (10 day) After seeing my family doctor, I was told I was in respiratory failure and congestive heart failure since then I was put on water pill (had been asking and suggested by other medical professionals for over a year) and monitored my oxygen regular and am finally able to go back to my regular life.
I spent the entire time in emergency  Got a bed just before I got discharged  They tired to take blood from me thinking I was the previous occupant
I spoke to other patients during my visit and they all agreed with my assessment of care which was excellent.  All nurses, doctors, and other staff made my visit comfortable and relaxed.
I still did not know what was wrong but they did bloodwork, x-rays and just advised me to continue with my nurse practitioner  The doctor set up an appt with another doctor in infectious disease.
I suggest you have more nurses, cleaning staff. They are overworked + don't have the time to do all the work they need to do
I surely will, not happy with the system  XXXXX & I went back to the emerg. dept. on XXXXXX/XX, he had just been released previous as he was admitted for other health issue.  But on this date XXXXXXXXXX/XX we (my husband & I) arrived about 1 00 pm  He did register & was also seen by the xxxxx nurse, then back to re-register  He did blood work & EOG  He was put back in the emerg area, where you register & we waited about 4 hrs before we were called back into the emerg room #10, to wait to see a dr  The nurse did not come & once talk to us or do his  vitals, the dr. came into the room alone & spoke to us & he was being admitted again, never seen the nurse @ all while waiting in the emerg area in room #10 to see a dr  I heard the xxxxx nurse come in and asked the nurse if her friend can come in as it was a family crisis, the nurse replied I don't think there is room, but I will look, oh yes there's a chair, for her to sit, you's can come in  In the meantime, this young girl with her mom was laughing, playing on her phone, but up on the chair, and so on  I was shocked  My husband went in with pain so bad in his left arm, so swollen  Couldn't move his arm & hand, his right shoulder was very painful, his right leg was inflamed @ kneecap, & his right toe was so swollen he was in severe pain, we could not even tough him  When the dr did see him he was admitted within 10 minutes.  The dr couldn't even touch him.  The nurse from the xxxxx left her area, to come in & take this young girls vitals  Everyone waiting to see the dr was very upset, why did they allow this.  I went to the nurse's station, after waiting about a hour & 1/2 to see the dr that I heard the nurse from the xxxxx ask for special treatment & did not wait, like all of us  She said to me oh, this is a family crisis, & I said "unbelievable"  It's who you know today  Check out the paperwork  You will see the times ... my husband wasn't even offered a bed, he couldn't sit for 6 to 6 1/2 hours on a chair.  This should be unacceptable, for the staff to abuse our system.  Not very happy on the wait & the treatment from the current nurses. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX's wife)
I take narcotic medication  I heard some smart comments from professional people about this topic.  It made me feel inferior and a shame.  I take it cause I have to.  I'm not abusing the system.  The only complaint I have.
I thank the staff, try hard to look after everyone so they are just over ran with the amount of people that go to the emergency department
I think all nurses drs and other staff did a wonderful job considering the virus in full swing.  I would say XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXXX are very good.
I think it depend on the nurse you get some do not want to help you.
I think staff is over work
I think that I would recommend that during the knee replacement procedure a catheter should be used rather than having one done after the operation!
I think the ER staff do an excellent job  One dr thought I was shopping for drugs and not in the back pain I was in (crushed vertebrae)
I think the hospital did a wonderful job in helping me in two times I was admitted.
I thought having a heart attack - one should not have to wait in emergency
I thought that if you had a stroke you would be given an aspirin or something when you came admitted?  I didn't received anything.
I thought that the care provided was fantastic
I took sick on a long weekend  Why can't you have some technician available instead of laying in a bed for 3 days waiting.
I visit the hospital once every 28 days for an IVIG treatment. I am a cancer patient and this treatment has helped me return to a healthier, normal life style. The nurses I meet in Medical Day are both professional and experienced. They are kind to me and I fully appreciate how lucky I am to receive this at my local hospital. My care experiences at the Cancer Centre and here at XXX have always been positive. I am truly thankful!
I visited the emergency department when I learned that XXXXXXXX had missed a test on the requisition for communicable diseases in XXXX of XXXX. I needed an immune Rubella for an IVF procedure that was to take place on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX(3 days after my visit to the ER). The purpose of my visit was to see if they could rush this test. I had two requisitions (Dr. XXXXX - XXXXXXXXXXXX and Dr. XXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX) If I did not get proof I was immune , the procedure would have been cancelled. Unfortunately I was told the hospital lab could not do this test and it would be sent to public health and could take weeks for the results. I left after I knew I would not get the results that day. The next day I went to XXXXXXXX and they were able to do the rubella test and not send it to public health and had the results available for my physician's in under 20 hours. I believe that the hospital could have done this as well but i also understand that even though this was an emergency for me that it may have not been classified as an emergency to them. The Clerk, triage nurse and lab tech were all great and i was satisfied with the care i received.
I waited in the emergency for 1 1/2 days then transferred to what is call the shower room room  No toilet for two days before getting transferred to a regular room  I believe that more room should be made available as i believe that no one should have to be put in a shower room while there waiting for a room to be made available
I was (unreadable) at night but was given an extra blanket when I asked for one, was in hospital for 10 days.
I was 200% please with my stay.  Excellent hospital + staff etc.  Thank you so much  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was a good stay with excellent service
I was a hallway patient for entire stay - even though most treatment rooms were empty, staff spent 80% of time socializing at nursing station.  My pillow fall on floor no one would pick it up to eliminate where was rolled into closet then back out in front of nurse station.  No food, no water, left in hallway in pain.  Very poor no respect, no empathy made to feel a burden.
I was actually pleasantly surprised.  People tend to enjoy sharing bad experiences instead of good, so I am sharing my good one.  Thanks to all the staff I met.
I was actually very impressed with my stay at the hospital nurses were great and even the food was good
I was admitted at a very busy time + was impressed with how all the staff coped.
I was admitted for a complete hip replacement (age XX) due to a cancellation, so pre-admin, research and prep for surgery was done within 10 days of notice of surgery, during which my husband suffered a heart attach and had an angioplasty at the same hospital.  So not sure if the dissemination of information is typical ... also, no one really explained the constipation, like four days later at home and I am praying for death constipation ... but I think my surgery is typical of older persons who's souls and stools have been sucked dry already?  Overall, I am thankful to walk again and the care and respect all of the nurses gave me.  Doctors were also good, but seem to adopt an air that we are all Luddites and won't understand what they are saying anyways to they feel justified in a quick look at your chart at nod and a best of luck.
I was admitted for injuries in XXXX which had become severe in XXX  Dr. XXXXX had done MRI XXXXXX revealing several abnormalities even though my seizures were and are getting worse he dropped me and psychiatrist suggested I've had seizures since car accident new med quetiapine (Dr. XXXXXXXXXX not helping, I'm worse)
I was admitted on short stay and was in hospital 24 hours
I was admitted on XXXXXX for same day total shoulder replacement  Discharged next day XXXXXXXXXXX.  My only problem was a midnight forklift operation in the area to the left of the ward.  By doors left open to outside.  Nurses brought me warm blankets.  Big doors to outside not closed.
I was admitted to hospital  Was there for 10 days
I was admitted to hospital for planned knee replacement surgery my orthopedic surgeon was extremely capable and concerned for my welfare.  The anesthetist & operating nurses were too.  The nursing staff, physiotherapists, etc. on my floor looked after me extremely well & prepared me well for discharge.
I was admitted to the XXX after surgery and the care was excellent the nursing staff there was exceptional  Also the surgery room staff with doctor XXXXX was great
I was always frozen I had to have a warm blanket brought in from home.  I would have liked to have a basin given to me in morning bathroom never cleaned in the 4 days I was there
I was always treated with courtesy never had to wait too long
I was amazed at great care I received the time I was there because of the flu epidemic at the time I was there.  The staff & everybody was fantastic  They went way above the call of duty for the way treated us super  Thank you all very much
I was annoyed that my new meds could not be faxed to my home pharmacy in XXXXXXXXX  This delayed my arrival home in XXXXXXXXXX by an hour.
I was asking for semi private room because I am entitled but I did not get
I was at hospital for afternoon surgery stayed overnight as I lived out of city.  Felt many of these questions were not applicable.  Possible this survey should apply to longer stay patients so they could not have more (unreadable).
I was at the hospital for only a 1 day patient.
I was at the same Emergency Department the night before and saw Dr. XXXXX.  She was excellent all around and gave me very specific things to watch for.  If I noticed any changes I was to return, which I did.  The doctor laughed, asked me why I returned and told me it was completely unnecessary to have gone back.  I tried to explain what I was told and I tried to show him pictures I had taken to compare the differences.  He refused to look at the pictures and told me to return when I couldn't breathe.  I find it unsettling, to say the least, that a doctor advised me to only return when I couldn't breathe instead of trying to treat the problem prior to symptoms escalating that far.  He showed no compassion as I sat there crying, instead he laughed.
I was comfortable looked after in all matters
I was comfortable with everything  Thank you for all  XXXXXXXX
I was completely happy with my treatment & stay at the hospital. XXXX.
I was completely overwhelmed by the excellent care I received. Staff from pre admission to drs & nurses to cleaning staff are just amazing.
I was completely satisfied with my stay at this hospital.  The care I received from all personnel and doctors was excellent.  Thank you very much!
I was completely satisfied with the health care staff in emerg, ICU, stroke care I was made feel at ease  Thank you
I was disappointed with one of the hospitalists on cardiology - he wasn't current with some medical info, even though his resident was.  He came into see me without reviewing my status.  He bluntly informed me on front of my family that I was a very high risk for sudden death syndrome.  And after 10 days of hospital (unreadable), he decided to wear a mask into my room.  I wasn't contagious!  Very confusing!
I was discharged and I wasn't ready - I could not stand on my own  Now months later I still cannot walk - I walked when I went in
I was disgusted by the lack of cleanliness of our hospital  My roommate potentially may have had c-diff remained in my room (after having ongoing diarrhea for hours) before being quarantined at midnight  The room was not cleaned until I informed the nurse at 1:45 AM as the next person was waiting in the hall to take the bed (she was in a ER gurney) the xxxxx cleaning staff took apx a minute to wipe down the light above the bed the windows and mop a small area of the floor  Not knowing if the 1st lady had c-diff or not I was horrified by the lack of care in proper disinfectant method of cleaning  I had asked my nurse to wipe down the toilet seat for me since the 1st lady had used the bathroom prior to 4 episodes (later) of having diarrhea (twice) in her bed and (twice) in the chair near the window  The nurse used a joven wet wipe that I appreciated - however - since the black toilet seat was wet she informed me that I would notice that when I (unreadable) the seat with brown paper towels that I would notice the papers would be black and they were!!  1. Please replace the old black toilet seats (7th floor - north xxxxx) with new white ones  2. Please train your cleaning staff to clean thoroughly and properly - no wonder c-dif is so prevalent in our hospital.  3. Spend more money on more well qualified nursing staff and less on the big shot administrators let common sense prevail!  PS my children were born in the 1990's and the general hospital was kept immaculately cleaned almost to the point that the twice a day cleaning was over kill but as the years have gone on - cleanliness seems to be a very low priority for our hospital system  I have talked to many people in the past years who are afraid to go to the hospital
I was dissatisfied with the accommodation.  But everybody try their best  My fives day, I had one room for 6 hrs, and was transferred to a utility room with no toilet  It was stinky air ventilation.  Is very important for the patient accommodation recovery and his mental health and speedy recovery  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was enrolled in a program called Seamless MD.  Every day prior & post op I had to complete a 12 question survey which I felt was so impersonal.  There is nothing like personal contact and I resent communicating with a robot!  When it concerns my healthcare.
I was extremely impressed with the staff and overall everything with my stay at the hospital  It was comfortable  Staff was great  Even the food was great.
I was extremely pleased with my hospital stay compared to my stay 28 years ago.  Amazing improvement especially the caring provided by staff.  I was a little anxious due to Covid-19 but was quite reassured by the hospital's good practices to avoid the spread of the pandemic  My only concern relates to the blood technician and cleaning staff as they were not screened (tested) for Covid 19.
I was extremely satisfied & would recommend this hospital to friends & family
I was flown from local hospital to XXX.  I lost much blood and was given 2 units of blood.  When it came time to return to my own hospital, I was told that I had to find my own way back.  After spending 1 week which to return by vehicle was over 9 hrs drive.  Plus need to stop for gas, meals and bathroom.  Call every 1/2 hr.  In XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX it may be several hrs between towns.  The hospital was refusing to fly me back to XXXXXXXXXX I had to argue and threaten not to leave the room until someone finally gave in.  The powers to be need to assess cases as the need arises.  I would be willing to discuss this situation over the telephone so no one has to go through this ordeal.  My phone # is XXXXXXXXXXXX and I live in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was going through the loss of my husband who had died of a heart attack that very morning. ALL the staff involved in my care, my tests, my every need, whether physical or emotional was always at the forefront of their tending loving care of myself and my daughter. We could not be more thankful. XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was good  Fired me right up
I was grateful Dr. XXXXXX kept me overnight cause my previous knee issues.  Wish I could of had 1 more day.  - My doctor had said keep me overnight they did not transfer me till later  (unreadable) much.  The xxxxx nurse was lost (my opinion) referred me to XXXXXXXXXXXXXX to remove he did not know staples/stitches XXXX does not go just for (unreadable) and I had dissolving stitches.  Went to my dr office informed me dissolving stitches.  XXXX
I was grateful to have my spouse with me  Nurses do not come often enough even though you ring the bell button.  When walking in hallways, nurses were always chatting not taking care of patients.
I was gravely ill and had family staying with me  The nurses were extremely accommodating in the ER department.  The nurses on the floor were not as nice or accommodating  That wasn't helpful considering I was in + out of consciousness
I was hospitalized on three occasions in the past 3 months.  Care greatly varies based on floor one is on; years of RN experience and teamwork.   My needs were met (except for dietary) and my medical situation resolved. Information needs to flow re dietary needs - upon admission to floor, RN takes a history- this should include dietary and communicated to food department.  Person comes around on some floors and gives you choices but yet you receive the opposite at meal time.  I believe this is a very important factor in recovery. One hears everything when one is lying in a hospital bed. Staff on some floors are disgruntled and verbalize their thoughts/ideas/opinions.  Not appropriate. Housekeeping and PSW's are mostly at fault. I know that this is their workplace but it is a very public workplace.  Chitchat should be at a minimum and in closed quarters for all staff (at least lower the volume) Outside garden/pagoda area should be monitored by security or on camera.  I witnessed from my window some questionable activities which I believe involved drug use (not marijuana) and drug dealing.  This is a common area that should be enjoyed by all patients/visitors not monopolized by a few. I am at home recovering and was glad to have met overall competent doctor's, RN's, OR staff (who made me feel safe and cared for), PSWs , housekeeping, porters, department  techs and volunteers. Thank you!
I was impressed by all the staff I dealt with.  Thank you!
I was impressed by how I was received by the caregivers (good humour friendly and helpful)
I was impressed by the calm professionalism of the nurses during an incident with another patient  Prompt answer to the call bell and concern for the impact on me and my roommate
I was impressed by the doctors, nurses, staff and everyone working at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX regarding my care and stay at the hospital.  I view it as a world class facility and can't thank them enough.
I was impressed by the speed at which my problems were addressed and the care I received.
I was impressed that all staff I interacted with were very helpful, considerate, and professional.
I was impressed with the care & services I received during this last appointment and all the previous appointments & in hospital care.  Only on one appointment XXXXXXXX was my wait too long, almost 2 hours & it was 3 weeks after since surgery so I was somewhat uncomfortable.
I was impressed with the care and attention give by the nurses and staff  The doctors were very professional and took good care of me  I was explained of the procedure and the risks involved with the angioplasty  I am now seen by a cardiologist and I am on the road to recovery and good health
I was impressed with the care and services at the hospital. Very proud to say we have a great hospital in XXXXXXX.
I was impressed with the nurse's care  The food wasn't real tasty!  Thank you for everything
I was impressed with the wonderful program they have at the stroke rehab unit.  The nurses were wonderful especially the OT & PT people.  Would of liked more info from drs.  My XXX stay for cardiac treatment was outstanding.  I am so thankful & God bless you all.  XX
I was in a ward two beds on one side a washroom in between in a hallway & two beds on the other side.  We all shared the washroom which was not very clean.  When someone flushed the toilet (my bed was directly behind the bathroom wall) it sounded like a freight train coming through.  Other than that the stay was quite good other than noisy & very bland & cold food.
I was in a ward with 4 beds and 1 washroom  Wards should be eliminated  They're horrible
I was in and out of XXX so quickly  XXXXX-XXX Discharge.  I was a transfer from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  Ist day was a blur  Whole process seemed rushed hence I didn't answer some of the questions.
I was in emergency for 3 to 4 days  Very good care
I was in Emergency under quarantine for 3 days, there were no rooms available
I was in for a quad tendor. repair and was only in overnight so a lot of these questions really didn't apply to me  Overall very satisfied with stay in the hospital.
I was in hospital 4 times on 2 weeks  In 2 instances they were unable to identify the cause for my losing consciousness.  The other two times they treated me for pancreatitis once and the last time for an ulcer of the duodenum - in the first 2 stays when I had passed out and lost memory totally for a period of time
I was in hospital for 1 night following stent implant in ease of bleeding.
I was in hospital for 3 major surgeries  4th time for medication reaction  Money couldn't & bring the care I got  The supper meals was to to much food
I was in hospital for angioplasty & stayed overnight leaving at 9:00 AM
I was in hospital only XXXXXXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXX at night.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was in overnight in short term care bed  They had to go look for breakfast which was delivered while I was having x-rays.  The food is awful.  Good thing there's a (unreadable)  If I ever have anyone in hospital I'm bringing food instead of gifts that's for sure.
I was in psychiatry ward last year not clean don't try to stimulate you, my spelling not the best right now
I was in short stay & had no say in choosing menu  Food not very good
I was in the hospital for 4 days.  I asked for towel and face cloth did not get any till the day before I left hospital.
I was in the hospital for kidney dialysis.  Under Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was in the hospital for only 24 hours in the cardiac area.  The nurses were great.  Everyone was as helpful as can be, from the men at the reception desk to the lady that wheeled me out the door!
I was in XXX for 5 days in that time my bedding was never changed.  In my benefit 2 package I have semi private coverage but I was kept in the short stay unit, why?
I was in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, transferred to XXXXXXX, where I was seen by 5 different cardiologists.  There was no (unreadable) about how my asthma should be treated  Many procedure were booked (fasting) and then canceled.  Back home + into emerg within 3 - 5 days.  Hospital from XXXXXXXXXXXXXX (unreadable) having seen (unreadable) on XXXXXX in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was kept in a storage room for two day then sent up to a ward on the 7 floor.  My heart plan calls for semi private
I was misdiagnosed in emerg had to return 3 days later pain was not managed at all sent home = dismissed!  To suffer 3 days only to be back for more in emergency.  Pain was managed better second time and surgery was, needed worst experience ever.
I was most impressed with my overall treatment.  Every person I dealt with treated me with the utmost care and respect  They were extremely thorough in their attempt to discover my problem and were also concerned about my long term well being
I was moved to 3 different rooms during my stay.  First room problems with the bathroom.  Second room - bed needed for a male patient as I was in this room by myself.  Finally to the third room where I stayed till I was discharged.  The first room was empty all weekend long 2 empty beds.  I'm assuming there was no expertise help to fix the bathroom all weekend long I've often heard of shortage of beds.
I was never given back my healthcare which is very important  I had to reapply for it.  Lots of stress.
I was never put in a room I stayed in room after procedure for recovery.  Doctor hadn't made it back due to emergency so he came back in memory to release from hospital.
I was not afraid, the dr & nurses were excellent  Was treated well at XX yrs we had jacks & happy to talk to
I was not allowed any visitors, because of Covid 19.  Very lonely time.
I was not asked what I wanted to eat. Food was not very hot. I wanted a bigger portion
I was not in a regular room.  I was in a day surgery area because my injury was not a scheduled surgery, it was an accident so it was difficult to schedule an operating room.  I had 2 opportunities in 5 days to repair broken bones in my left arm.
I was not permitted to sleep much.  The nurse woke me several times.  When I could sleep, there was expressive noises in the surroundings.  I was also felt rushed out as room as possible.
I was not ready to leave the hospital XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXX was 24 hr complete flat on back of a dural nick I was deemed extended day in hospital  I stayed 2 days in a hotel room before I felt I could endure the 4 hour car ride home I could not sit at all.  As if eh!!!
I was not to happy that when I got there that there was nobody in the emergency room to attend to me for a good ten to fifteen minutes, even though I was the only person there.
I was on 18th floor for angiogram. Nurse XXXXX from XXXXXXXXX went above & beyond to provide the greatest of care. She was the best & in my mind she is still speaking to me everyday about my care routine.
I was on fluid only diet for many days (weeks) and would have liked to have beef or chicken broth at breakfast as well as lunch and dinner. A small thing but would have meant a great deal to me. I don't drink tea or coffee and they were always on my tray!
I was only an in patient for one night after surgery.  I was never in a room, spending the night in the day surgery area as there was a bed shortage.  There were no discussions or decisions to be made about which I needed to be consulted, hence my answer 'never' to questions about being included about treatment decisions.
I was only there 24 hrs for a total shoulder replacement.  Considering how busy everyone was, I got good care
I was operated XXXXXX, released on the XXXX of my choice  I was discharged by doctor but was not given pain medication before I left.  I was due and so had to check back with SU unit nurse when last pain med administrated  Ride home was not the best because of pain.
I was overwhelmed by how caring the hospital staff was.  They were professional in every way.  One thing that bothered me was how crowded the hospital room area was.
I was placed in a ward for 1 night  2 at times patients  1 - back trouble  They screamed all night
I was pleased with everything in general  I did try for private room with semi as 2nd choice, but did not get either.  Ward rooms are to small
I was pleased with my treatment by the healthcare workers. I was also impressed with them because of the pandemic.
I was pleased with the respect & care.  I always felt like a person not the problem
I was provided with excellent care and treatment throughout my stay. All staff and doctors acted and performed very professionally.
I was put in a hallway
I was put in room with six other patients  No bathroom  No shower  You had to shit in bucket on floor
I was put into a coma so lots of my stay was a little fuzzy.
I was really impressed by the care I got  Nurses were very considerate & caring.
I was really impressed with the fast service I received. I was in and out of there with 1-2 hours.
I was released a few days too soon.  I was readmitted 3 days later for a 10 day stay.  I had water on my longs, pulmonary embolism, heart problems, and problems with my blood.  Had my family doctor not check the blood work done at the hospital, I would probably have died.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was retained in my hospital bed for 3 days while awaiting my surgery due to patient surgery overload!!  General why is this survey sent to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, whereas my hospital was in XXXXXXX?
I was satisfied well taken cared off.
I was satisfy, but the first couple of days was different because I was very sick.  Only once I did not get supper.  I was on floor 5, I was hungry but otherwise I was fine with the nurses and hospital staff.
I was schedule for a test before I get discharge but I couldn't lave before getting it.  I had to stay one more day in hospital waiting for tests  Taking a bed away for someone could use.
I was seen rather quickly but seemed to wait quite a while for all my results, but overall my experience was very good  Thanks.
I was sent to this hospital from XXXXXXX to have my cracked eye socket looked at but the scan from the XXXXXXX hospital was not good enough so the dr could not get enough information from the scan  I was told to start eating soft foods and not to sleep on my right side so to ease the pain and to call back in a couple of months if the pain persists.
I was shocked at the filth of the emergency department.  Floors, corners, walls, seats, wall phone, etc all required cleaning  One registration desk had a filthy sheet underneath, presumably to stop a draft.  Personally, I hesitate to use the black wall phone, due to the cleanliness issues surfaces, (seats, arm rests etc) should be constantly wiped down.  Internal waiting rooms had floor filth, and garbage on seats  A plastic bin (suitable for vomiting patients) was left on a seat in the internal waiting room  Frankly, I am afraid of becoming more ill, by visiting the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX cleaning staff in the areas should be a constant!
I was so cold all the time I was there.
I was starve.
I was surprised by the rooms (without a bathroom or a window) but I did get a bed and was not in the hallway I was able to sleep.  The nurses felt badly about my room.  The staff was wonderful.
I was surprised on how everything they did was fast - The wait time was very good - I must have gone to good day & time
I was suspicious when I arrived at the hospital.  I went to school in Sweden 7 years public school 4 years a school called (xxxxx) in those days.
I was taken to room from emergency dept and stayed in the bed from emerg.  The bed was not a standard room bed.  More like hospital gurney.  I was in pain from uncomfortable bed - flat pillow & backache.
I was there during covid regulations.  Not seeing my family or at least my wife at all (even though) she was willing to take covid test was horrible and bad for my mental health that protocol needs to change or be amended!!!
I was there during the COVID-19 pandemic.  Staff did an excellent job despite being short staffed.
I was there for only one night.  The care was excellent.  My back and hip were sore, but I didn't ask for pain pills.  Other than that I felt a lot better  Thank you!  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was there to get a prescription for a bladder infection.  My doctor's clinic after hours is closed on the weekend.
I was thoroughly impressed with the professionalism, knowledge, respect, and care shown by each and every member of the XXX staff that I was in contact with. From the nurses, physicians, technicians, to the administrative and cleaning staff they were excellent.
I was thrilled with the promptness of the service compared to the 6-8 hours as it was in the past
I was to get home IV (antibiotics) that evening for cellulitis and blood clot.  No one was available so I went to emergency, the xxxxx nurse gave me a (unreadable) IV to start me off because I had the prescription with me & the next day I got home care.
I was told my shoulder wasn't dislocated, and sent home with a naproxen RX.  After a clinic visit later on and more x-rays it was discovered that I had a separated AC joint.
I was told that I had a fractured bone on my left hand as well as my little finger.  At my follow up visit with the plastic surgeon I was told that my finger was not broken.  My thumb was full of arthritis and sent me to a hand therapist.
I was totally impressed by the staff!!  The nurses all deserve a gold star
I was transfer to a what they call a spa room (no bathroom) was not a bed pan, was a green plastic container.  They told me to to next room  First time was okay  Then it was a mess blood all over.  So I went in staff bathroom.  There I had few words, change me room or I will leave the hospital  Later I was transfer.  Everything went okay.  Because my wallet was stolen, before entering the hospital  I did get help, for clothes, shoes in jacket from Red Cross & food.  Did get help & spoke to someone in social department.  This part was excellent work  Thank you.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I was transferred from private room to a 4 bed ward.  No privacy - although the ladies were sociable  I was anxious to go home  Nursing today is a far cry from my nursing days  XX
I was transferred to a physio room on another floor 3 days before transfer to a physio care facility - not informed why + only 15 in before all my belongings were packed in a plastic bag + away I went - very confusing!  Also I was told I could not be on the 4th floor because it was surgical I felt like a nuisance often
I was treated #1 while at the hospital and we are very fortunate to have this care  Thanks XXX  Everyone was absolutely  great  XXXXXXXXXXXX  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was treated in a timely, efficient & professional manner
I was treated very well  I have no complaints.  Keep up the good work  Thank you  God bless all of you  XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was treated very well and would recommend it.
I was treated very well by the nurses and doctors and anyone who helped in any way
I was treated very well from the time I got in the emergency room until I left the hospital even the cleaning staff.  I think the hospital is excellent.  Mrs. XXXXXXXX
I was treated very well in all areas of my procedures.  Very courteous and respectfully treated by all staff and doctors  Thank you very much  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was treated very well.  The doctors and nurses were polite and professional and very pleasant a big thank you to all the hospital staff.  XXXXX
I was treated very well.  The nurses were very professional and treated with a high degree or kindness  Very important thank you to them
I was treated with kindness and respect
I was treated with respect and fairness.
I was treated with respect and in a friendly way.
I was treated with the utmost courtesy and respect by all nurses, doctors and technicians that I was in contact with during my stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was treated with the utmost courtesy and respect by all staff I came in contact with.  Especially a young nurse named XXXXX, who was my nurse XXX and XXX  Very uplifting  Thank you all, sincerely XXXXXXXXX
I was treated wonderful from all the drs nurses & PSW's.
I was upset that the technician who did my ECG suggested I had afib.  I do not think they should diagnose.  They are not doctors  The doctor I saw was very good!  He verified that I do not have afib
I was very comfortable and impressed with the care and attention I received. My compliments and sincere thanks to all staff I encountered.  Follow up home care -  nurse and physiotherapist - were well coordinated, punctual and very professional.
I was very comforting and would approved this hosp to everyone
I was very disappointed in the level of hygiene  Cleaning was poor at best.  Dust mop wet mop same water from room to room.  Partition drapes looked like they had not been touched since installed.  Bathroom cleaned on requested
I was very disappointed that I didn't get a semi private room.  I was put on a floor with curtain dividers.
I was very happy that I had a bathroom in the room amen.
I was very happy with my stay at the hospital.  As a older man it's very important to me that people take their time and let me know what's going on.  Everyone was very nice and did their job at the (unreadable) of level.
I was very happy with my surgeon and her team Dr XXXXXX. - She lead her team with confidence and diplomacy.  Dr XXXX took extra care with my IV.  Both Dr. XXXXXX an Dr. XXXX showed a lot of empathy and assurance toward me, they put me at ease and made me feel comfortable.  I trusted them. I am forever grateful for the commitment they showed for their profession.  My nurses and PSW XXXX were all excellent, My nurse in training was XXXXXX, I believe. she has a bright future, excellent job. One consistent constructive feedback point I share with all northern hospitals relates to dietary flexibility. In that past year and a half  I've stayed overnight three times in two different hospitals. Without fail I struggle getting my vegan dietary needs met. I communicate it every time but when the tray comes it 'beef broth' or 'cows milk' or 'something cheesy' etc -  I eat healthier at home than in a hospital where food should be healthy. I was asked about my diet during the admin process but a carnivore diet was delivered ... just saying ... overall I love you guys!!  Thank you so much!!
I was very happy with the service I got and the staff were very well train in there work.  Thank you very much.
I was very happy with the services I received the staff were very professional & informative & spent a total of four hours which was very good, considering all the blood work & testing I got  Overall my experience was exceptional
I was very ill, saw dr within 2 minute of arrival.  Couldn't breath  Swollen windpipe.
I was very impressed at how well the staff & all employees were so polite & kind all the time.  My stay was a very good experience.  I hope to never be a patient again.  If for some reason I need to be admitted at XXX, in XXXXXXX I'll be Ok with that XXX
I was very impressed at how well this overloaded hospital is operating under the pandemic.  The care that I received from several parties was at all times highly effective and punctual.  For the food, I have seen hospitals as a patient across 4 decades, and well ... hospital food ... is hospital food, no surprises there.  I did think that, whereas having another patient nearby as company is a helpful thing (therapy), the ward that I shared with my ward neighbour was too small, however we got on very well together.  The pre-admission paperwork is understandably very lengthy, however I felt that the lecture about a colostomy bag of 1.5 hrs completely excluded even the remote possibility that I may not even need such a device; yet here I am post-colon surgery without a colostomy bag.  To be painted by default with the 100% likelihood of a life-changing colostomy bag (for the worse) was quite depressing, so when I came to after surgery and checked to see that there was no colostomy bag I was very pleased.  You might consider rebalancing that lecture in the future.  Other patients with less resilience might find that experience too depressing.
I was very impressed by the general morale of the staff, they're friendly, outgoing manner and most of all how they listened.  The only criticism is that it was impossible to get any information about post discharge needs and care before being admitted this is very important for out of town patients so that necessary arrangements can be made.  This concern was shared with the director of surgery.
I was very impressed of nurses devotion - XXXXXX - the best!  - Personal care assistant (very hard workers) and caring/helpful  - Very impressed with hospital bed care & service
I was very impressed with all staff @ hospital.  All staff very helpful & informative.  Hospital was very clean.
I was very impressed with all the staff and care given to me at your facility.  Thank you so much for your kindness and help  XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was very impressed with the dedication of the staff, everyone from nurses, PSW, Doctors and cleaning staff were excellent.
I was very impressed with the food!  The delivery and friendliness of the staff that served and cleaned/cleared.  Everyone was smiling and cheerful.  I do want to mention one thing.  And his defense, it is emerg and busy  But when emerge d/c or anyone, gives you some sort of life changing news.  And you ask them to give you five minutes to make a call.  Please return at that five minutes especially when you're sitting there alone to process.  We have found a mass on your brain.  Scary stuff was very surprised.  I never saw him again.
I was very impressed with the service and friendship of staff kitchen!  Thank you!
I was very impressed with the speed of care I received during the emergency then on to the 4 days of admission. Thank you
I was very impressed with the way I was treated.  Drs + nurses treated me with respect which helped me feel better.  The whole experience was great.
I was very please with my care. For the volume of patients that are processed through that department I can't believe that the level of care is still kept so high. The staff must enjoy their work because it shows in the respect and care that they give. I would like to thank all of them for their time ... XXXXX
I was very please with my surgery and care while I was there.  Thank you!
I was very pleased and impressed with the efficiency that I experienced from my first contact with xxxxx to surgery to not patient physio  My only complaint is the staff dropping their used blue gloves on the floor - at one time there were six laying along the hallway  Does not leave a good impression
I was very pleased that ICU staff did follow-ups for the first two days after I was transferred to the floor.
I was very pleased with my care from the nursing staff.
I was very pleased!!
I was very satisfied
I was very satisfied with all those who took care of me at your hospital  Thank you
I was very sick on arrival my main concern to get well, asap.  They gave me the help right away to get me able to go back home.  All drs & nurses did their best for me, thank you
I was very upset getting an ongoing test that gave me a 3 to 4 inch blood clot in my arm and my one artery in my wrist is now dead and the pain was crazy for days.  I'm still upset.  My name is XXXXXXXXXXXXX.  I would also like to add I was on 5th floor and the 2 nurses that I had were the best they both were very caring and smart an knowledgeable of my condition they are the 2 best nurses I ever had in my life god bless them.  1 nurse XXXXXXX 2 nurse XXXXXXX RN
I was very well looked after.
I was very well taken care of by all at the hospital.
I was very well taken care of.
I was very well treated & had good care.  The staff is wonderful
I was very well treated.  Even the food was pretty good.
I was very worried about my perforated ear drum  I had only 15% of ear drum.  The dr. was very comforting + offered advice + hope.
I was well received and taken care of.
I was well taken care of and I am grateful.
I was well taken care.  XXXXXXXXXX
I was well taking care of.  The staff was courteous and joyful.  Even the college & university students that were practicing their skills were very nice and helpful
I was well treated and taken good care of.  Thanks to the drs + nurses for all the great care you give your patients  Please be all safe
I was well treated by all.
I was/am unsure about the admission procedure.  I was taken by air ambulance in the middle of the night and no one ever mentioned where I physically was.  Priority was given to treatment and my comfort, and in my opinion I received very good care.
I went for an angiogram first, I had an ECG (or EKG I'm not sure) and the nurse said it is to determine whether I needed the angiogram.  So, when I got to my room the nurse said I will be going through with the angiogram as if there was no communication from the other nurse who did the ECG
I went for coronavirus, and spent 2 hours in waiting rom before being check.  I was negative of course, it was a bad cold I had, they gave me antibiotic
I went home no homecare at all my sister would come and help me  My doctor was on holiday the third week homecare called and I said I can take my shower too late
I went straight from ICU to a hallway with no clothes or personal items and was expected to leave 3 days before I was told.  Home care nurses had to take care of bleeding and complications due to early release
I went to emerg on a weekday morning as my optometrist was out of town & a special eye test was required to check my eyes ASAP.  The staff was much more pleasant than previous time during at emerg however, may I recommend a 24 hour clinic at the hospital for triage.  Also, I heard of awful situations at time in the waiting area due to drugs & alcohol.  The clinic could triage?  Thanks for the opportunity to recommend/share.
I went to emergency because of stomach pain and needed surgery to remove my appendix then 2 days after I had a heart attack while still in the hospital and they had to insert a stent  I cannot remember very much.
I will be having a 2nd surgery  1st one was for left one  2nd will be for right hand  I'm looking forward to the good care I had for 1st surgery.
I will keep my comments to myself
I will never be back.
I wish I could have seen the doctor quicker or faster
I wish I knew or was better informed regarding the entire experience in hospital and after discharge recuperating at home
I wish that when the nurse brings you to exam room that I would not be so long before the dr comes in to examine you.
I would be comfortable staying this hospital
I would eat the sole of my shoe if required but the food at this hospital was horrible even the oatmeal!  Some things were actually unrecognizable.  Otherwise terrific hospital  XXXXXXXXXXXX
I would have liked more doctor's visits.  Doctor/Nurse/Staff communication could have been better.  Overall, it was a fairly good experience.
I would have liked to have access to a Catholic priest.  Of course visitors were desperately missed due to Covid-19.
I would just like to share how grateful I am for the amazing nurses I had during my stay at XXX from XXXXXXXXX - XXXXXXXXX. I was on floor 7 North xxxxx. They were kind, compassionate, caring etc. XXX + XXXXXXX were amazing. Dr. XXXXXX is an amazing surgeon + person. I couldn't ask for a better healthcare provider. I had been seeing him since XXXXXXXX regularly for a hernia and he never gave up on me and continued to encourage me to continue losing weight to have the hernia surgery ... 2 years later surgery happened and him along with the nurses provided me with amazing care during my stay and recovery at the hospital
I would like the nurse that refused to come into my room to grow up.  She was more interested in the male nurses  She was guiding than her patients.  She needs to grow up a lot.  She was my nurse during the first part of my stay.  I am glad I did not have her through my whole stay  She is the reason I left the hospital.
I would like to extend a sincere thank you to all the staff and Dr XXXXXXXXXXX for my recent surgery.  I saw cooperation amongst each level of service provided.  Keep up the good work and God bless.
I would like to have cardiologist in XXXXXXXXX
I would like to say in spite of covid 19 restrictions the hospital and staff where well informed and helped me and others I seen cope with all the restrictions and made the stay and movement around hospital easy to understand.
I would like to say that the food is of poor quality and not given what I ordered.  I weak and hungry and did not receive are out food.
I would like to say: THANK YOU to all the nurses & drs that cared for me.  Everybody were so nice so special to me.  It made my stay so much shorter.  Even the food was good.  Thank you.
I would like to thank Dr XXXXXXXXXX for his expeditious action and the caring, considerate nurses XXXXXXXX and XXXXX on the 7th floor, for their warm, respectful support during my post surgery hospital stay.
I would like to thank everyone for their help at the hospital.
I would like to thank XXX for their quick and easy response to my health care.
I would love to thank all the staff, doctors, nurses, XXXXXXX, XXXXX, XXXX, XXXXXXX, XXX, Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, Dr XXXXX, Dr XXXXXXXXX, XXXXX, XXXXX, all the housekeeping and the cooks for their excellent food.  I love you all.  Mrs XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I would not have a problem ever going back to your hospital.
I would recommend health sciences north to anyone.
ICU care was incredible professional and comfortable to myself and family in what was a terrifying experience.  It also was a enjoyable experience with the care/compassion of ICU nurses as well as surgeon.
ICU nurse by the name of XXXXX was excellent!!!  Best nurse that cared for me.  She went above and beyond and explained things to me.  Please recognize her for her exceptional work ethic.
I'd like a survey about the nurses and the care they provide.  Awful service  Also, I'd like to discuss the kitchen & dietary aides, specific to anaphylaxis allergies and the lack of service in this department.  I'll drive to XXXXXXXXX next time I need service
I'd like to thank the staff at Short Stay Surgical unit XXXXX + XXXXXXX they were great  Thank you
If home care is going to check upon you, then it should be done within 24 hrs of leaving hospital, not a week later
If I am a walk in from outside, the wait time is incredibly long like 4 hours, while in pain.
If I continue to lose my sight I would everyone to slow down + give printed instructions for caregiver or family  A big thank - very difficult job
If I didn't have a family member present the nurses couldn't provide the care I needed.  I feel the nurses are overworked.
If I'm being completely honest I am a child, and I can tell you, this emergency room/hospital is a joke.  I've been dealing with the same thing for every ER visit and no one has been able to solve this problem I've even had a nurse come in that was unable to tell me what exactly he was injected me with so me and my guardian refused.  Yes some of the doctors are great with answering questions, even one diagnosed my osteoid osteoma but they are not good with the whole "follow up" process.  But they are great with sending you home so you can deal with someone else.  Being bounced around this medical facility for the last 2 years dealing with the same thing/same pain, this place has done nothing but put me on hold.  Me and my guardians have agreed to go elsewhere as we have gotten no progress and the pain is just getting worse
If it wasn't for the phone (free) I would not have gotten home by 4 hours
If someone who seeks care from the ED does not have a family doctor, ED staff should be clear in advising how you will receive results from testing done in hospital.
If the hospital could monitor the ED waiting room more carefully they would notice the amount of people coming in with others in order to get narcotics for pain it is very obvious
If the hospital staff spent more time on the patients: condition/prognosis.  Instead of trying to get us to sign a DNR.  Aside from the above, the only other problem I see is the cleaning in the week I was there I seen 1 cleaning person, but they were all wonderful to me the nurses doctors the kitchen staff everyone please stay healthy & safe, because without you there would be no us!!
I'm afraid of them  - that where they fill you with drugs sooner or later
I'm concerned about the long waiting time  I'm a terminally ill patient with pancreatic cancer who went in for high fever.  I received good care but I was made to wait with all kinds of ill patients in the waiting room.
I'm new to the hospital care don't go to often, so don't know much about the changes.  So didn't know if I was gone a get a sponge bath or having a bed change or a gown change cause I had a tube in my backside and it had leaked on 2nd day and (unreadable) for bed to be changed on 3rd day.  Was there 4 days.  Didn't have soap or shampoo till 3rd day, had to ask.
I'm still not better.  Always in pain.
Improve the food.
Improve your food for the patients.  Your food is not very tasty or eye appealing - very dry.  No flavour to it.
Improved ER diagnostics for women experiencing heart attacks.  I waited hours in ER after EKG in the triage/ER area.  Overall I was in the ER waiting room for more than 4 hours before seeing a dr.  I was having a heart attack in the waiting room.  I passed out in my chair, where I waited hours more before being carried into the ER area - where I was then instructed to wait in another ER waiting area.  From time of registering it was over 7 hours later that I had an emergency (unreadable) with stent for blockages.  Recommendations  1.  Check out XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for (unreadable) to women + heart attack diagnosis + symptoms education.  2. Have someone walk through ER periodically to check on people.
Improvement noted in nursing staff comfort level with Covid-19 measures & PPE noted from XXXXX stay to XXXXXXXX admission.  Cardiac ward much more noisy than surgical ward at night.
In early morning was noisy.  Nurses, docs in hallway.  I thought I was at a house party house people talking.
In general, it was good.  It was busy but staff maintained calm even when patients were not being respectful.  I appreciated how kind the staff were
In heart critical care, nurses XXXXX XXXXXX and XXXXX were excellent.  Very pleased with care by Dr. XXXX and Dr XXXX
In hospital care for people with heart issues, food has to be controlled better  XXXXXXXXXXXX
In ICU I had a great stay  When transferred to another floor my family had to hunt down a pillow for me.
In ICU the staff went out of there way to help me with my recovery.  I would like to thank them on how good they are at there job.  Thanks.
In regard to question 36 unfortunately because of the COVID rules in place at the time it was difficult for family to be involved.  No fault of the staff or hospital.
In semi-private room, no where for husband/support person to sleep.  Delivery room has fold out chair/bed but not the recovery room.
In spite of the overcrowding all the staff were wonderful + caring - doctors nurses x-ray
In the 52 years I have lived here I have had to use the ER 3 times for 3 different reasons.  I received excellent care each time in a timely manner and with compassion.
in the ER they didn't do a CT scan of my head even though my head hit the car day of surgery anesthesiologists wanted x-rays of head
In the future please give this questionnaire in English  Thank you
In the transition from emergency to a hospital room no meals were provided for 30 hours!
In the unit I was in if you had student nurses thing would of went more smoothly.
In the ward for short term stay 1, 2, 3, days  Television should be provided for those beds
In the xxxxx the nurse was very rude and her attitude was way less than perfect.  This became evident when I told her my meds were for depression and severe anxiety.
In times of pandemic, it would be more reassuring to have 1 patient per room.  2 if possible to add barriers that reduce risk of transmission.  Sharing a bathroom=increase transmission so important to have 1 bathroom/patient though not practical
In view of work overload & responsibility & being short staffed, these nurses & doctors cleaning staff went above & beyond the call of any job description.  They are to be highly commended & should be appreciated a lot more by higher up hosp. officials.
Inconclusive visit
Initially the ER doctor sent me home with a blood pressure of 210/110 on my home the ER doctor called advised I had a stroke and to return to the hospital immediately. I was then admitted ER Dr was hasty
Intend to write a letter complimenting and thanking all people in hospital on such fine work  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Intensive care was scary - caregivers were scarce
Is it right I should wait 10 minutes to get signed in and told to move to a yellow area on the floor 6ft away before I was logged in, also I got the distinct impression the two receivers were just gabbing to each other, mean while I have a 2.5' cut on my forehead that required a ct scan as per the attending physician and bruised ribs. And Im standing in front of them plain site!  It hurt to stand and there I am waiting to get signed in and then told by them to move 6ft when none else was around me. I was lucky the injuries only required stitches and there was only bruised ribs it could have easily been a head injury and bad in the rib area but how could receiving know. I think you should process on the side of caution.  I felt when waiting for triage and to be sent into emergency that if I passed out or something else happened it could be a while to be noticed.  I thought that for the other people there too.  I guess next time if I think it could be serious for me or the ones I love we should call an ambulance so we are not worried about that.
It depends how busy it is when you go to the hospital  Sometimes your wait times is 6 to 12 hours
It felt odd, having worked at XXXXXXXXXXXXX for 41 years, then I became a patient.  Health is so important!
It is a great hospital.  The nurses are doing a great job.
It is a very noisy hospital stay. One can hear all the other patients call bells quite loudly. The 'anti baby theft' alarm is also extremely loud (with good reason); it went off 3 times during our stay and interrupted every opportunity for sleep that we had. We thought that was an excessive amount of noise, especially when it would ring for a while. We actually stayed in room XXXX for our first son and did not set off that alarm once because the nurse told us to stay far away from the brightly marked boundary line. So, with that being said, we suggest the admitting nurse put stress on staying away from the boundary line on the floor as a respect for other patients/families. Also, perhaps patients and families can be advised to use their cell phones in the pre-natal room at the front of the unit or in the hallway as opposed to walking up and down the hallways talking loudly late at night.   Other than that, the staff on the Labour and Delivery unit are amazing and we really appreciated their care and support through the birth of our second child. Thank you.
It is easy for patients and visitors to become disoriented in such a large hospital.  Looking confused attracted the attention of patients, maintenance workers, nurses and doctors who would make sure we would all pleasantly sow us the way or take us all the way to our appointed meeting place.
It is extremely embarrassing to be assisted by males when it comes to my privates.  There are many females around to do that.
It is too far to walk for anyone with problems  Should have chairs in hallways. Very inconvenient parking.
It takes a lot of patience to do what the emerg dept does every day.  Thank you  Excellent work.  Pat on the back all around.
It took 40 hours for me to get a hospital room - from the time I came to the emergency department that is too long.
It took 5 nurses to try & get my IV put in. 2 of them tried 2x for a total of 9 attempts & when I went to surgery it had to be put in again cause it wasn't in the right place.
It took just over 1 hr to go from Emergency to operating room.  What I thought was a kidney stone was a ruptured esophagus.  I was already through my second day with this.  I was told and some thought I might not make it  Great job done under the circumstances (mine)  My hospital stay was excellent.
It took long for a doctor to see me to assess that I was seriously ill and was in extreme pain.
It took more than 3 weeks to get results on lymph node dissection on whether positive or negative and makes every day very stressful could it be done faster??  Very very happy with complete experience
It took much much too long to finally speak to a doctor.  It took 8.0 hours!!!  Need more doctors available to service the people correctly!!!
It took over 24 hours to admit me to a room at the time, staff could not tell me how long it would take to admit me.  This was not good
It was a complete screw up.
It was a difficult time but very well taken care of.
It was a good experience
It was a good experience XX.
It was a good experience.
It was a good experience.
It was a good stay.
It was a great experience  The nurses were pleasant & would call my wife at any time - cause of the Covid
It was a great hospital stay - the care from the nurses was excellent.  Thank you.
It was a great visit. The resident doctor was awesome and honest. I needed stitches in my arm and she ask if she could do it and I let her.  I was her first time and the doctor watching over her was great and very easy to get along with.  I am not from the area and from start to finish it was a great experience.   Keep up the good work.
It was a horrible experience.  I arrived at the ER and was harassed by a police officer for 2 hours before he finally left after I answered his questions.  Nobody requested for him to leave after I had asked him to many times myself. I was in pain laying in my hospital bed for 4 hours and was no provided any pain relief even after asking on many occasions.  From 4 pm till about 7:30 I just layed in a bed a was squirming for help.  It was not until 7:45pm that they decided to do a CAT scan to finally see that I HAD INTERNAL BLEEDING IN MY STOMACH.  Due to COVID my stay was a nightmare.  The fact that my privilege to have a semi-private room was revoked due to the lack of space was not appreciated.  I had to share a room with some of the loudest patients and I had no say. I had asked they please advise them to quiet down in which they did but the patients still continued to be inconsiderate. I then requested a room change and that was not allowed even with my insurances that would have covered the expenses. Also it was a horrifying experience not having any support from family or friends. Not even one. I almost died that day and it would have been alone cause I was told no one could see me. The health system does not care about our well being but only about the less work possible for their staff. I am also disgusted about the fact that I said I do not like certain foods and then when I asked for new food they told me sorry we COVID but I mean the general people can't have loved ones there with them or have them bring food I had no restrictions on day 3-4-5 but yet the nurses can order skip the dishes and order uber eats my fiance would come to the hospital every day and counted how many times the nurses picked up food in general the front area and we counted 109 in just 6 hours yet my loved ones can't bring me food. I am also upset with the whole idea since MY MOM OR DAD where not contacted AT ANY POINT and my fiance was not I had called him once at the hospital.  The only good about my stay was DR XXXXX the surgeon she is AMAZING SHE NEEDS A RAISE and more and more and more she is just amazing.  Thank you
It was a long 3 month stay but I'm happy to home ... thanks you
It was a new experience for me and under the existing conditions I consider a success so far
It was a shot stay for a knee replacement  Staff was great above and beyond and not only helpful but caring!
It was a very busy night - wait time was 7 hrs. My heart rate was extremely high due to meds prescribed for congestion. Had difficulty breathing got care after waiting 4.5 hrs. Other patients left tired of waiting - sad situation.
It was A-1
It was an excellent visit, my son was treated with respect and was talked to about his health care.
It was during covid  Everything was fine and well cleaned
It was excellent the nurses were right on good service can't ask for any better.  Thank you you guys are the best.
It was fine, professional and through.
It was good but know one talk to me about my heart attack and the future held for me and about the changes I had to make
It was good in regards to the head injury caused by a fall while intoxicated.  My mental health was discussed but it was not really considered a concern and I was sent home immediately after the CT scan results were in.
It was good visit
It was my understanding that I was to have a catheter inserted during the operation or in recovery.  As one was not, the nurses had to insert an in and (unreadable) one in the midst of the night to relieve my bladder.
It was noisy above my room fixing things that's what the nurse told and when I left the hospital on XXXXXXXXX she left me in the hallway so another person to be me in there
It was one of the better visits I've had since a child
It was pretty bad to be honest and almost useless ... I'm not very happy with it.
It was quick. It was 6 am. Not busy at all.
It was the best service I got at the hospital good work!! Keep it up!! Thank you!!
It was the shits!  Fucked!
It was very efficient
It was very good & things went well.
It was very good.
It was very pleasant and everyone was awesome  I am very happy about my visit there!
It was very unsanitary.  Very dirty.
It wasn't as clean as it could be
It would be better if there were more health care professionals on floor as RN's.
it would be likely closer to 11:30 AM.  At around 12:30 PM we ask the nurse what the delay is, and she tells us the doctor still has the file so she can't complete her discharge papers.  Another hour or so pass, I go and ask again, and still no file.  Another hour goes by, and this time when I ask they say that they have the file but now she has to have an echocardiogram - or they think she has to have one (they didn't seem sure).  I ask if she has to have it that day and they say yes.  This was never mentioned by the doctor that morning.  Around 3:00 PM I ask the nurse "I assume now that it's the end of the day that the echocardiograms are done for the day, and they likely don't do them over the weekend, so does that mean she has to stay here until XXXXXX?  She tells me she things so, and at this point I ask her if she can ask the doctor if my mom can do it a an outpatient at a later date (as they do echocardiograms in XXXXXXXXX, which is closer to home).  She goes and checks and yes, she can have it in the doctor's office at her follow up in XXX in XXXXXXX.  So I have to wonder ... was the plan all along and we waited all day for nothing?  As I said, the doctor never mentioned any of this when she told my mom she was being discharged (her roommate confirmed this).  Not only was my mom's time wasted, but this hospital bed could have been used for somebody else who needed it.  We finally get to leave to go home around 5:00 PM after completing the discharge papers.  All the nurse really did was go over her medications with her.  She is XX years old, but not once was she asked if she lived alone, if she needed any assistance etc.  The nurse had no idea who I was because I was just sitting there listening ( nd luckily taking notes) as my mom never would have remembered everything that was said.  None of this has anything to do with lack of funding.  It was lack of common sense.  If I had just been sent to the right place to wait, and if she had been discharged when she was supposed to be, it would have caused a whole lot less stress than it did.  Stress that a person with a heart condition does not need.  I would appreciate a response. XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXStaff so busy + no time to spend with a patient sometimes one only needs a person to talk to  I was fortunate because I was not bed ridden Re attatched letter written by my daughter - XXXXXXXXXX discharge day was very very stressful & upsetting - especially when dr was in at 8:50am & said I would be released when paperwork done - usually by 11:30 & we were there yet at 5:00pm.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX  Health Sciences North XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  On XXXXXXXXXXXXXX, my mother XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was transferred from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, via ambulance, to await having an angiogram and possible stent. Due to this being unscheduled procedure, it is understandable that she have to wait a couple days.  She called me at 3:30 PM on XXXXXXXXth to say she was on her way to have the procedure.  I immediately left work in XXXXXXXX to go to XXXXXXX, as I didn't want her to be alone when she was finished the procedure.  When I arrived and got parked at approximately 6 PM, I went into the hospital, told the information desk what I was there for, and they told me to go to the end of the hall to where the purple tile was and I could talk to the intake person there.  I found the purple tile and told the intake person my mom's name, what she was there for, an she asked me to have a seat.  She went and checked and said that they were still in the room as the procedure was not done yet.  I didn't think much of this, as I thought maybe they brought her downstairs at 3:30 PM but didn't start right away.  About an hour later, the intake person went and checked again and said that they still weren't done.  At this point I begin to worry, as I know angiograms don't usually take this long.  Another hour passes, and they go and check again.  This time, she is walking towards me with a person who looks like a doctor.  My heart sinks and I begin to think the worst.  The doctor looking person asks me what I am there for.  I tell her, and she says a few things I don't understand (acronyms), asks me if I am sure she is at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, etc.  I reply "I just drove over two hours from XXXXXXXX, as I got a call from my mom at 3:30 PM saying she was going for an angiogram and possibly a stent.  She has been here since XXXXXXX awaiting this procedure, so ys she is here"  She then asks sme what part of her body she is having the angiogram on.  I had no idea you could have them anywhere but your heart, so when I tel her, she tells me I am in the wrong section of the hospital.  She takes me to another office an asks two girls to look up her name on some program.  They look at her like she has two heads, but then look it up and tell me she is room XXXX.  I reply "I know what room she is in, but where would she go post-angiogram to recover?"  They tell me to go to her room, where she is (and has been) since 5:00 PM.  I waited in the wrong waiting room for two hours thinking she had died.  Meanwhile, she is upstairs in her room wondering why no one had come or at least called.  She has no cell phone, so she could not call us to tell us she was upstairs, of to find out that I was downstairs. This may seem like a simple mix-up, but I can't tell you what it did to me.  I suffer from anxiety to start with so this certainly did not help.  She does as well, and her heart did actually stop for 6 seconds during the angiogram, so there was definitely a need to worry even though it was a routine procedure.  So my question is ... who was this person that the intake staff was checking on who was still in the procedure?  It was certainly not my mom, even though I had given her my mom's name.  And the sign said "Angiography' so I didn't know I was in the wrong waiting area.  The next day (XXXXXX) was not much better.  I had stayed overnight at a hotel, so when I arrived the next morning at 9:00 AM, my mom told me she had already seen her doctor and she was being discharged.  We are aware that discharge time is 11:00 AM, and they sa
It would have been much better if the washroom garbage can could have been emptied more often as 2 other patients in the room wore diapers.  The smell in the washroom was so strong by morning.  Thank you.
It's a nice place to get medical help
It's as much easier for me to have all services in my mother tongue, French.  I can say that, at that time, I had about 80% of the services in French.  If I have to explain myself in English, sometimes I will refrain from talking because I don't know how to say it.
It's hit + miss as far as wait times. I find when I have had cardiac issues I wait 3-4 hours for a blood test result which I find to long. When I had my gallstone issues I felt like I wasn't taken seriously + that they treated me like I was drug seeking, which pissed me off and didn't help my pain or my mental status. Overall though my experiences have been positive except for the Gallstone episode parking is definitely a problem!
I've been to the emergency department many times and they never figured out what was wrong me with which is frustrating because I've had the symptoms for over 4 months.
I've had a relapse of extreme fatigue and muscle aches, a strep infection.  If hospitals were not servicing those abusing the system, there could be quality care to prevent relapses, I probably could have had an additional night in hospital.  There should be alternate facilities for those who have addictions that are not in crisis.  There seemed to be many drunks who were wildly abusive I could only hear them as I was in the emergency curtained area!
I've seen people who look very ill or very weak & they do not get items like pillows or blankets  The small waiting rooms mean more of a spread of infections
Janitorial & housekeeping staff, very noisy and loud, no consideration for sleep in patience night nurses in wards turn on bright lights, talk loudly, not much consideration for sleeping patience.  Not a restful place, come home very tired and in need of rest!!!
Job well done Thanks
Just because someone speaks to you in a timely manner that does not mean that care is given in a timely manner sitting in the crowded back waiting room merely disguises the wait times.
Just before I go in the operating room  I was left alone for a very, very long time!!!  I think they forgot me
Just forget to ask how this blood vessel became blocked on my right side.
Just happy that I was care for because I'm from XXXXXX.  2 1/2 hours drive instead of 8 hrs drive  Very satisfied  Thank you  XXX
Just that most days the food was lousy for a diabetic way to much carbs.
Just that the washroom wasn't clean.
Just the bed ; it had a "divot" at the hip location and was so depressed that required towels blankets to bring to a comfortable level.  Budget needs to be increased for bed maintenance
Just try to place people in rooms with people who are in the same injuries or pain.  I lack in sleep for two days because try older gentleman was up all night with diarrhea.
Keep the good work  Thank you
Keep the good work!  I'm very please with the service I had
Keep up the good work
Keep up the good work!
Keep up the good work!  Thank you
Keep up the good work!!  Thank you for working so hard
Keep up the great service  No complaints
Kind + understanding staff  In and out 2 hrs 10 stitches  Thank you to the staff
Kind staff but only 1 doctor working nights is not enough!
Lab before last stay stayed for 2 months room was very cold.
Labour & Delivery were awesome.  Great team while I was there.  No real complaints about the staff or the treatment I had while I was there.  The ladies who register you were also amazing & not rude once.
Labour + delivery nurse (xxxxx) was very rude and did not support my wanting to breastfeed she was very rushed to give our son his bottle to "up" his blood sugars  There was no compassion or caring with her
Lack of cleanliness in certain areas (corners, behind garbage can, wall) - cleanliness was my #1 concern otherwise my stay was very good.
Lack of communication between surgical team and floor nurses and kitchen staff.  Breakfast was served on the same day of surgery.  After four days of no food or water.  They decided that no surgery would occur on the XXXXXX weekend.
Lack of empathy  Lack of information regarding surgery
Lack of public washrooms on floors
Lack of questions regarding a.  Food - subpar  Lunch/supper - sandwich?  b.  Physical environment temp. poor  c.  Nursing staff five stars
Lack of supplies for disposable underwear when bleeding heavily post partum, & lg pads when heavily bleeding
Laundry items were a disgrace  No sheets on bed, blood or crap on pillow case, dirty gowns, one day there was no pillow case wrinkled uniforms, blankets smelled like crap
Left alone for long periods during my 2 day stay in emerg.  - Place was cold + bed hard + uncomfortable.  - Noisy  - Couldn't sleep  - All of the above made me feel sicker.
Less waste of food if more tasty + appealing.
Like I said the wait is awful  And parking is a joke awful awful awful  Other than that all good.
Long delay in emerg -  7 - 9 hrs  -  Very cold temp during night  -  Timely update on wait period
Long wait great care.
Long waiting is poor.
Lots of staff sat + drank coffee - don't bother with patients  XXXXX
Loved my student RN's (RPN to RN students) found the physical therapist team to be very caring, informative and supportive *Only concern when sharing a W/C (toilet) with someone with diarrhea, it is very concerning for someone fresh (R) hip total replacement - only for 24 hours but very unsettling.
Lovely view of lake
Maintain TV connections better  No TV last 2 days  No buzzer button in reach  Help to get up for walk/sit due to staples.
Maintenance slow to fix plugged toilet in my room
Make more parking for the handicap
Many different PSW/nurses/student at shift change had to learn meds, diabetic etc.  Should be more informed.  Consistency.
Many drs have patients (unreadable) to arrive at clinics all at the same time, causing some to wait long times.  (Parking etc.)  Why do they do this?
Many of the questions do not really apply to my actual experience.  I answered with some doubt.
Many questions hard to answer as my condition was not conducive to understanding what was going on at times  -  nurses were not around much + seemed split between wings.
Many thanks to dr XXXXXXXXXXXXX, nurses and XXX staff for their care.
Many thanks to the wonderful men + women who administer to the needs of those who venture forth through the portals of the hospital.  XXXX
Many thanks!!  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Mattresses should be replaced - hardly slept very very uncomfortable
Maybe an ultrasound of the abdomen would have determined it was a gallbladder attack or not.  As this is what my home doctor thought I was having.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX told me it was not a heart attack - but no definite answer.
Meal times  - Food not fit for human consumption.  - Would not give it to a domesticated animal.
Meal trays should reflect the condition of the patients.  After surgery I vomited for hours then I was brought a burger  I couldn't eat it  It should have been broth & crackers.
Meals could have been better and more appropriate.  Peeling a boiled egg may sound easy but not when your surgery prevents proper movement of arms.  (Link given in letter could not be found)
Meals could have been much better taste
Meals should be more flavourable and portions should be a little larger.
Meals were terrible  Coffee was grey  Had something on toast which tasted like sugar on the egg - yuck
Medical staff was competent, communicative and willing to help. Surgeon & anesthetist were both excellent. Primary nurses were excellent.
Missed food they forgot me.  Food is better in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Missing property : my purse went missing after I went to the OR I went to ICU post surgery with 2 bags of belongings but no purse.  I asked several people about my purse & no one knew anything about it.  Finally, I got my purse back on XXXXXXXX  Apparently, was in a closet in a room I wasn't in.
Misunderstood question 10 - 11 - 12 - 13 - (unreadable) husband no pain just leaking arm (right) on our 3rd visit Doctor XXXXXX send me to a cardiac thorasic surgeon  Thank you to Dr. XXXXXX for getting to the case of my leaking.
More beds needed & also more staff
More care
More doctors
More front line workers less higher ups more beds
More info in writing about postop care difficult to remember what was said/instructions given  - Night staff were overworked + not able to keep up more staff overnight needed.  - Postop food was difficult because I couldn't eat when I needed to more food options through night needed
More info on pain meds.  Just got info from XXXXXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXXXXXX arrangements nurses were very noisy at night - had to get physician to get discharged  Overall though - great nursing care
More interaction with the nurses, and less time waiting in the emergency department
More nurses are needed.  The ones there did fine but more are needed
More nurses that talk French
More nurses would be most helpful
More nursing staff are needed.  They are constantly rushing from room to room.  I was totally independent, thank goodness.  Wake up the government life & death situations are real in our hospitals.
More or better communication should be given to the family when day surgery turns into an overnight stay.  It took hours before we received word from anyone about the change + we were worried unnecessarily.
More staff  More room  More staff who spoke understandable English  Nurse who discharged me was "very rude
More staff, both medical and housekeeping required  I was only taken to a room for one night after spending 3 nights in emerg
Most 90% of my care provided by nursing students - due to low percentage of nurses to patients due to recent cutbacks.  All hospital nursing staff appeared stressed and overworked.  Physio was not available as frequent as needed.  Pain management team visited but were totally ineffective.  They didn't listen - seemed to have their own agenda.  Absolute waste of time.  Nurses are overwhelmed stressed & at risk of burnout admin does not seem to recognize.
Most honest, supporting people I have ever met.  It not just a paycheck they truly care and want the best for you.
Most nurse are doing most of work  If it worth for nurses they would get nothing done
Most nurses in ICU lacked empathy and patient consideration some seemed more preoccupied with personnel agendas than patient care  Night shifts were by far the worst
Most of this surgery is not applicable to my situation.  My hospital stay was 5 (five) hours...two (2) hours labour & discharge three (3) hours after the birth of my child  This is the standard protocol for midwife births in the hospital.  We did not have nurses in the room except for the 12 minutes it took to deliver my child  A OBGYN was in for 15 min to suture a tear our midwife was amazing & never left the room all matters were discussed at prenatal appts.  And other questions were answered during our home visits post natal  All I know is the floor of the delivery/triage room we were put in was still wet on admission and at discharge a housekeeper was literally standing in the hall to clean the room it makes it feel like a manufacturing process line & not like a place to care for people
Most questions were not applicable to me.  Surgery for thyroid cancer.  Dr. poor communicator.
Most staff did not pay much attention to what family members had to say, very inconsiderate.
Most staff were caring, kind & ddi an excellent job  However, some an x-ray, diagnostic testing were rude  Food service are awful - nurses seem stressed & don't have lots of time
Mostly my stay was fine while in emerg for 3 days  There was so much loud talking and laughing most of the time I couldn't get any rest or sleep  If I could have gotten up I would have told them to keep quiet
Much satisfied
Must say overall things have improved @ XXX had great care emerg Dr. XXXXXXX was amazing.  Food is improve not great but better  Overall my 4 day stay was excellent.
My "room" was a tiny cubicle in a hallway.  Short stay surgical ward.  It was co-ed.  I have semi private coverage.  I was extremely uncomfortable in the cramped conditions.  After my knee surgery I expected a room.
My 24 hour day was a pleasant experience  Thank you
My air trip from XXXXXXX to XXX was very professional & caring.  My wife felt very comfortable and at ease during this difficult time.  I was in room XXXX XXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXXX
My ambulance visit to the emergency department was positive.  Nurses and especially the doctor (I do not have is name unfortunately) were very polite - compassionate and reassuring.  Thank you!
My answers to NSN - was to have a pacemaker implant explained to me by my home doctor and a very well explained by HSIN admitting doctor to perform procedure I required no in hospital and was self care most of question I found did not cover my care care
My answers to questions 1, 2, 11, 31, 34 and 8 reflect the care I received on one night only during my 3 nigh stay  It reflects what appeared to me a nurse who was over tired or maybe just didn't care.
My attending physician was excellent thru out my visit. In response to the nurses questions in this questionnaire, they were not applicable during this particular visit. My attending physician was hands on with me during my care and short stay. Therefore nurses were basically not required at this time during my care. I have no doubt though, that they were working for me behind the scenes. They are truly outstanding professional nurses in the Emergency Department and definitely over worked. Top notch. I thank all health care providers alike for their dedication, and what they must have to endure at times in this department.
My bed was broken.  It would not elevate properly  - The food was not very good  They made a lot of mistakes.
My bed was not positioned properly for me to get to bathroom at night on my own as the intervenous was on the other side of bed and I could not reach the it  Staff was courteous.
My bedsores were a lot worse when I came out of the hospital at home, I have a roho mattress rented and paid monthly 95.00
My cardiac care was excellent. All professionals very knowledgeable and skilled. Surgery went very well.  Amazing expedient care. Very pleased
My cardiologist was very lacking in bedside manner, and did not take any time to answer any of my concerns, instead I received condescending remarks and attitude.  This man has no place in today's society as a physician.
My care was excellent
My carotid endarterectomy was very mind consuming prior to operation!  Somewhat worried but it went unbelievably well  No issues then and now all is good as well.  Fantastically done!  Many thanks to HSN
My child had a severe lip and tongue tie that was not seen by or looked for hospital staff even when it was clear that latching was not happening correctly. Having a lactation consultant come to all new parents (who choose to breastfeed) would have saved a lot of fear and made the whole experience substantially better.
My dad was in the ICU and I was visiting from XXXXXXX.  I was shocked at how much better my experience was than anything I've received at a Southern XXXXXXX Hospital.
My daughter is spatic (unreadable) glegic.  We received excellent care.  They made her feel good.  Always there if needed help.
My day surgery ended up being a three day stay first night my pain was relieved by an irrigation procedure.  The next time I suffered for six hours or more before the head nurse would OK the irrigation procedure.  Not good!!
My doctor treated me very good with respect  Nurse just as well XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
My doctor was excellent  The nurse who attended me were just amazing  They watch me and were always there for me  My nurses were again excellent
My doctor XXXXXXXXX was amazing supportive & helpful both in hospital & when I returned home  The best I ever had
My doctor XXXXXXXXXXXX never came once to see me just his assistant nurses were wonderful  Very good at there job  Was there for 1 week.  Also let patients have a shower they will feel better & cleaner
My doctors & staff understood my drive to get better.  Everybody before operation & after explained well.
My doctors and anesthesiologist were absolutely amazing reassured me and took amazing care of me and my unborn babies  Special thank you to Dr. XXXXXXXX, Dr. XXXX and the amazing surgical team.  I am proud to have XXX as my hospital!
My doctors and nurses were the best! I have only great things to say about them! However, I was misinformed by the medical student about the procedure which then made me really nervous to have her help out with it. She apologized to me for the misinformation before the procedure was started.
My doctors were very good and abruptly blunt (which I greatly appreciate) and except for one nurse everyone was extremely helpful
My Dr XXXX was very good, explained everything and stopped in every day to see how I was.  The nursing staff was excellent.  Very good hospitable
My experience at XXX in XXXXXXX was absolutely amazing, not that I want to experience it again, but if you end up in hospital, this is the care everyone should get. The emergency staff was professional and caring. They were all very prompt to attend to my needs and provided exceptional services. Once moved to a room, the attending nurses were all fantastic, making sure I was comfortable and had all that I required. They as well were very professional and caring to my needs.  I would like to thanks all the professionals who provided me with an exceptional stay at the hospital. From the paramedics who brought me in, to the emergency docs, Dr. XXXX, Dr. XXXXX, emergency nurse XXXXXX and 4th year med student XXXXXX. Also all the floor nurses for being such amazing people, nurse XXXXXX, XXXX and XXXXXXX. Thank you, thank you, thank you. May you all be blessed as we need people like you in this world. Please, please, please do not cut any health care services, as everyone should be treated with the professional experiences I received. And please share this message with all at XXX.
My experience in the emerg during the night shift, was unacceptable.  However, when the day shift came on duty, things were so much better!  Everyone was so helpful + courteous
My experience in the hospital was excellent.  There was only one issue when nurses (late at night) were unable to contact a dr. to authorize additional pain meds
My experience in the waiting room listening to others is lots of people don't realize how busy the emergency (ambulance) can become and that the waiting time is related to the severity of cases coming to it.  This survey is OK but for me ask me to prioritize who should be treated first ex heart attack, broken arm, child, baby, seniors etc.  I know the emergency department knows, the people going to the emerge need to understand why they maybe waiting for them a long time that it could have been them coming in by ambulance with a heart attack.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
My experience this time was improved over my previous stay in XXXXXXXXX where I was placed in a shower room
My experience was completely positive, no complaints. Dr XXXX in Emergency was outstanding.  Everyone was professional.  Thank you for taking such good care of me!
My experience was good.  It was very busy but my daughter in law is a nurse and I understand their job + stress.  I am very patient.
My experience was great but I have been witness to 3 family members in past year who's experiences weren't good at all  D/t poor treatment by medical staff + wait times  Knowledge of me being a XXXXX changes treatment, but shouldn't
My experience was only one day.  Lunch menu is terrible
My experience was very good  I have no issues or concerns
My family doctor sent me to x-ray - they sent me to emerg after treatment there.  I went home next day I came back to hosp to have surgery  After surgery I spent 1 night in 'short stay'.  I never went to a 'room'.
My family doctor, Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX, was making the rounds at the hospital during my entire stay. He visited with me every day to discuss my progress and make recommendations, both to me and the  staff involved. I overheard most everything. He personally ensured I received the exact proper mobility assistance items I requested. I started walking, very carefully, without a cane or walker, after about a week, something I had not done in over 3 years, despite numerous prior hospital stays for similar conditions. Damn fine doctor!
My family member was in the waiting room during my surgery.  They have a television that shows the progress of the surgery.  Once completed the TV shows "end"  This tells them that you are done, however, it does not show that you are still in recovery.  There is no other way to tell them that the TV should then display "in recovery" until such time that you are moved to a room  The family member has no idea where you are or what is happening to you.  This is very stressful to that member  This is something that could be easily improved for this benefit  Also, the cleaning bothers me as it makes you wonder why people get sicker in hospital or when visiting patients
My family relayed that during my stay in ICU the patient rooms cleaned regularly, but found the family rooms + hallways + hospital entrance need to be cleaned more often.  Compared to other hospital it is really not clean in public areas
My father passed away on XXXXX  As it indicates only the patient should complete the questionnaire I thought it prudent to add my dad's thoughts about his care as he told me before his death. He was 100% satisfied with all aspects of his care. The hospital + staff were compassionate, professional + provided first class care during all his stays  Thanks XX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX (son)
My first & second deliveries were at XXX. Extremely impressed by the professionalism & patient centered care for both births. Dr XXXXX & Dr XXXXXXXX as well as the OBs nurses go above & beyond to ensure the best possible care for mom & baby. Very grateful for all their help in both my deliveries.
My first surgery the nurses were very rough.  They ended up injuring my right shoulder.  (Could hear the crack).  Nurses thought it was funny and didn't explain anything to me before my surgery.  Even the doctor's didn't explain anything to me.  I was not impressed with their bedside manners.  When I was in my room nurses won't explain any of the medication to me or my mom.  (I have a learning disability).  Nurses would barely check on patients at night.  Very loud with codes and upset patients.  In emergency room, I wish I had a bed to lay on because of the pain I was in and took them awhile to get me on medication.  I wish I was in a room with the doctor, when he had to speak with me, regarding my medical issues, instead of in front of other patients.  With the food, I had told staff what I was allergic too and still got food items I couldn't eat.  Plus, when I sent soup broth, it was ice cold.  I was allowed to have warm.  And it looked like someone had just dropped a soup cube in the cup and was letting it dissolve.
My health care provider sent me to the emerg because she felt I may need a scan.  Nice of my provider to have faxed all info over so I didn't need to start from scratch.  I did not get scan & dr did reduce the pain level (hernia).
My healthcare providers & medical professionals were very courteous and compassionate (ER/ICU/cardiac unit/floor-ward)
My hospital stay in cancer unit floor was great.  In the Covid 19 area was good.  Food was not acceptable.
My hospital stay is good.  But after five days in hospital, I still waiting for diagnose of my illness.
My hospital stay is very comfortable hospital is very clean  Staff of the hospital is very friendly and helpful and knowledgeable
My hospital stay occurred during COVID.  I was in a makeshift ward, separated by curtains.  Was only designated to stay one night, which was not enough for pain control understanding on night 2 at home.
My hospital stay was an incredibly positive experience thanks to my surgeon Dr. XXXXX and all the kind, dedicated and professional nursing staff from ICU and seventh floor of the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
My hospital stay was excellent I was there during the COVID crisis and felt the nurses aid doctors were extremely meticulous with the care I received
My hospital stay was good   I would like to thank the surgery staff and all the nurses on the 7th floor who took care of me  All my questions were answered about my home care.
My hospital stay was good.  My nurses were all very pleasant.  No bed for a day + a half stayed in recovery, but was comfortable.
My hospital stay was great.  The nurses and doctors were very kind and helpful.
My hospital stay was perfect.  The nurses were excellent.  I would recommend this hospital to anyone who needed help.  Sincerely XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
My hospital stay was short and have recently just moved to the North was a little concerned about health care not now your care was wonderful and I'm grateful and proved your nursing staff rocked and went out of their way to keep me comfortable
My hospital stay was very comfortable  The nurses were friendly and I was treated with respect
My hospital stay was very enjoyable, your service was greatly appreciated  Thank you
My hospital stay was very positive & comfortable.  Highest marks for hospital & care.  I can't say enough good things about my treatment.  XX
My hospital stay was very very good
My hospital stay went as well as I had expected (even though I was there during covid-19, but everything was fine).  The nurses, doctor were great. Only complaint was the meals.
My hospital stay, including emergency dept, was 4 days and 3 nights I was unable to get an important test (ECG) while in the hospital I left the hospital at the end of day 4 and had the procedure done a week.  Later as an outpatient I was given a number of reasons, excuses really, as to why I could not have the test done in a timely manner plus, I was moved into the hallway with no guarantee of having the test done on day 5.  I left of my own accord without being discharged, and I was pissed off
My hospital visit on XXXXXXXX was good but my ambulance that served me, the female attendant was very rude + insulting when someone feels very ill to be talked the way she did was extremely upsetting.
My husband and daughter took turns staying with me - to both help me to the bathroom and with personal care.  That had a great impact on how smooth the hospital stay was received from my point of view
My husband came in with serious head injury.  I, his wife, answered questionnaire for him, as I know all the care that he received was excellent in xxxxx C - Int care in xxxxx B - excellent care also.  Nurses, students, doctors, excellent  Wife:  * Only one thing I didn't received.  - Asked to see "xxxxx." on both xxxxx and "she" or "he" never showed up.  So "no service" at all from that "xxxxx"  - Which I could received that help for myself "wife"  Overall - everything was "perfect" "excellent care."  Nice staff
My husband passed away 1 month after being admitted.  I was with him every day and that is why I could answer all the questions.  My husband had the best nurses + PSWs during his stay.  He called them all his angels.
My injury was a workplace accident and I felt scared/uncomfortable to return to work.  I did not feel well enough to work.  The doctor did not take the time to ask me about my return to work and how I was feeling.  I was given no information on what symptoms to watch out for after having a head injury and 24 hours after my ER visit I had severe concussion symptoms requiring me to return to the hospital.
My issue re with lack of meal menu, there is none.  We don't know what will be offered.  A tuna sandwich on brown bread is really not great or 1 toast 1 egg and jam but no toast to spread it on.  Really?  Not pleased with that.
My issues were dealt with properly.
My last visit went very well, I would like to say thank you to Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and nurses
My med list that I brought should have been followed more.  I take my insulin at times and some of my med was changed at times.  But, generally I was well taken care of by all nurses.  Thanks to them!
My medication with codeine went missing from emerg. after admission some of the younger staff on night shift were very rude.
My mom (pt) was agitated, asking to go to bathroom when she had a urinary catheter. She was confused. (Unreadable) calling daughter (as repeatedly asked) & using gentle intuitive nursing care, my mom was restrained, sedated only compounding her delirium. Only after this episode, did staff (RN & MD) investigate a UTI, despite daughter asking for it & providing Rx of frequent UTI. After this episode we feared for pt safety - refused to leave her alone it is our believe pt would have died without our active, constant, presence & advocating. Good nursing care glaringly missing (unreadable). Go back to the basics!! Many staff are attentive & do try hard to help rare ones are bullies that cause harm! Compassion!
My mom wants to mention the cleaning staff on her floor  She gives them a 10.  She enjoyed the conversations she had with one particular woman who was excellent  My mom can't remember her name but she mentions her often  Thanks to her for caring and talking to my mom.  XXXXXXXXXXX
My nurse was a very rude person (post Op) your hospital & doctor & doctor's staff were amazing
My nurse XXXX was amazing, along with my other nurses and my doctor, Dr. XXXXXXX.  They made everything go as smoothly as possible.
My nurse, XXXXXX, was so amazing in the labour room!  She helped me get through contractions & suggested pain management!
My nurses were amazing  XXXXX is an amazing nurse and goes above and beyond of what is expect of her as a nurse and deserves a raise.
My nursing team was AMAZING  Way to go XXXXXXX. XXXXX, XXXXXXX & XXXX.  Thank you for making my stay/recovery process as comfortable as I could be I was, and am still so grateful for their care.
My only 2 complaints, 4 patients in room including one passed away too much noise, lights on/off, can't sleep.  The other is doctors.  They are somewhat in their own world -> as if no time to really listen to patient kind of rush you in what they believe.
My only complaint about the hospital is is that I was put in a ward with 2 men and a woman who was crying and begging to be taken out of that room which was done and then a 3rd man was put in the room. I was not comfortable using that bathroom so a nurse took me down the hall and I had to use someone else's bathroom. I was given a semi private room the next afternoon for which I had to pay.
My only concern was the nurse when leaving the hospital.  She seemed confused about procedure, slow to get my forms, upset by procedure.  She was close to retiring and did not spend much time caring for patients.
My only concern was with the cleanliness of the room and bathroom!
My overall experience in labour and delivery department was fantastic  A few things about baby's health  I wish would have been monitored or explained to us.  More info on when we leave/at home what to watch for
My oximeter read to my h. rate was 130  I was told to sit and wait three times by one of your lovely physicians (after taken (out of ambulance)xxxxx late XX's, xxxxx
My parent was sent by ambulance from an old age home.  The process was done fairly quickly that visit but doesn't reflect other visits.
My phone broke  Coffee is really expensive to many bruises from needles  They stabbed me  My daughter got sick from the hospital
My problem treated with courtesy & respect always.
My rating for Q 41 is low because I had 2 days of internal bleeding (post surgery)  It was not a nice experience but I was well looked after
My return to my room after app (x-ray) seemed quite long on 2 occasions before a porter came to return me.
My roommate and I struck up a good support system & the nurses put the icing on the cake.  All in all a great team.  I thank them all (XXX) and thank you for asking.
My roommate and myself had to share a toilet with two males in the next room and needless to say they were disgusting.  Men habits voiding without lifting toilet seat.  Rooms could have been cleaner.  Staff never moved anything just swept around things e.g. garbage pail, chairs, never cleaned tv trays either.
My roommate interrupted my personal conversation with my daughter  I'm not sure what you could do about that.
My rooms were not real  Hospital bedrooms (unreadable) treatment room with a tub a tv room with 4 beds, a semi-private in the wrong ward and lack of washroom - used washroom in semi private rooms. Would I have had the injuries inquired in emergency if there was more staff. My husband had to find help for me
My satisfaction with this visit is due to the superb attention given me in emergency by the on-duty Dr. XXXXXXX. He ordered all sorts of tests after which I was admitted to the cardiology dept then I received a pacemaker in a few days. Everyone without exception showed respect and kindness toward me. I also found the food to be terrific.
My situation is a little complicated, I went from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX on 3rd floor & changed to seventh floor then back to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX closer to have some parts I don't remember but I did my best to answer the questions.
My son took me + stayed with me.  It was relatively quiet in ER.  A nurse + Dr. XXXX helped me - I felt very confident in his approach, focused, clear...I can't say enough about how I was helped by all.  I feel I was treated by a good team.
My specialist Dr. XXXXXXXX requested an EMG but was not able to get one was very disappointed as there is an 8 months waiting time.
My 'stand in' dr could have explained more re: effects of my lobectomy.  I developed cellulitis (badly) would have liked possible warning + action that should be taken.  O2 department was out of tanks when it was time for me to leave.  Waited 2 hrs for a tank.
My stay at hospital was perfect I have no complaints.
My stay at the hospital was very good.  I was well treated, good doctors, very good nurses, and very good medics.  I want to thank you all XXXXXXXXXXXX
My stay emphasized the bad state our health care system is in.  I was moved 3 times.  Also I had to advocate for an explanation of my illness & insist on remaining in hospital until I have asked my condition was & what was requested & help me.
My stay in hospital for 5 days was very good.  The staff & nurses are doing a great job.  I was treated very well
My stay in hospital was a very pleasant experience.  Other than having a medical problem, the treatment by staff, overall was excellent. I did have on complaint.  The food left something to eb desired, it could have been the meds I was on.
My stay in hospital was stressful initially because of my condition but increased immensely by the actions of Dr. XXXXXXX I was advised by Dr. XXXXXXXXXX of what was causing my problems was what the cause of treatment would be he advised rest for the weekend in hospital and would proceed with other treatments  On XXXXXX depending on how I responded over the weekend.  Dr. XXXXXXX came in XXXXXXXX morning and changed everything and ordered an aging procedure  All was clear and on XXX evenings XXXXXX I did continue to have chest pain  XXX came back into my room and started to jump around the room holding her chest that I could not expect and (unreadable) procedure every time I had chest pain in other words stop complaining about having chest pain  Dr. XXXXXXXXXX returned on XXXXXX and was taken back by was had transpired  I was very uncomfortable with the care I was receiving from Dr. XXXXXXX and requested XXXXXXXXXX  Resume my care I was assured I would not have to deal with her anymore but she did return and complained that Dr. XXXXXXXXXX had been rude to her I had to let her know that I no longer wanted her services which again was stressful and uncalled for
My stay in ICU was sudden and unexpected  However all the staff, nurses, doctors and even the main entrance staff were so efficient, caring, informative and friendly that I and my family were left feeling reassured when I was very sick they never left my door and it helped to comfort me  They are incredibly dedicated to their patients if one has to be in ICU, then they would want to be in ICU at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
My stay in labour and delivery was amazing. The staff were caring and well educated. The support provided for me and my family was exceptional as was the environment during our stay. Unfortunately, after discharge from labour and delivery we spent 4 days in pediatrics and I wish I could do a survey like this for that ward. Our stay was the exact opposite experience, with uneducated staff who provided little to no support, and we had only a small bench for myself to sleep on (my husband had to go home at nights which meant even less support for me leading to longer recovery for myself after delivery). The type and quality of care between departments/wards is truly shocking.
My stay in the hospital was in the palliative care overflow room which had no bathroom, which caused us to interrupt other patients when we had to use their bathroom  A better system should be made available.
My stay in the hospital was really pleasant all the staff was really helpful but I have encountered that my choice of feeding my baby was questioned. I know they are just doing their job but as a new Mom I'm a bit sensitive because I had a 14 hours labor so my body is tired I'm sore and don't have enough sleep my breast milk hasn't come up yet and my nipples hurt a lot so I decided to feed my baby formula I know they say breast is best but for me fed is best I just want to feed my baby with support of formula until my breast milk came. She told my husband which is also tired why we feed our baby formula and said it will confuse my baby. Well I know that but please next time just try to support what the parents chooses in a certain situation. But all in all I feel really safe in the hospital and I would give birth there again if given the chance to conceive again.
My stay in the overflow room was very disorienting due to the lack of windows and the cramped spaces allowed to each bed, as well as the lack of privacy due to curtains only separating all patients.
My stay in XXX was the best stay in hospital ever
My stay this time was for a pacemaker and everything was explain to me and my stay made me feel like I was the only patient there.  Happy
My stay was all in all a good experience I would have appreciated a more detailed plan for wound care and dressing changes when I left the hospital
My stay was comfortable even if I was provided with a temporary/secondary room setup. With many others. 1 night stay only.
My stay was excellent, only it is unfortunate of the shortage of beds!!!  The nurses and doctors make you feel very important.
My stay was fine.  I had a stroke and wish I could remember the doctors name because they were all so good to me.  I have no complaints.
My stay was for 2 nights.  I could not have received any better care.
My stay was good, private room, excellent nurse staff.  Only negative is the canteen room had no food!  Women endure hours of fasting and then to not even have crackers or toast available is not right!
My stay was great received great care from staff, nurses and doctor!  Food not to good though
My stay was in the North xxxxx 7 Floor  The whole staff were very helpful and caring  The nurses were always took the time to explain everything to me to make sure I understood.  I was in emerg for a day and half and they were great as well.
My stay was short  All my needs were met.  Nurses & drs were very courteous
My stay was short & very agreeable - staff and drs were very pleasant
My stay was short but definitely refer anyone  It was the best experience that I could have had being in a hospital.  Very helpful staff
My stay was the best it could be under the circumstance  The nurses were very professional  The doctors were too  It was the first time there and it seemed too small and busy for the amount of people in XXXXXXX.
My stay was very good and given the best of care by all.
My stay was very good. XXXXXXXXXXXX
My stay was very unexpected. I started with a flu -> pneumonia to blood transfusions not expected.
My surgeon and the anesthetist talked to me beforehand and explained the procedure clearly to me & made me feel at ease.  The nurses following operation were very caring & friendly & were prompt in making me feel comfortable.
My surgery was delayed due to multiple accidents that day.  There should be more than one surgeon on call or more on standby for these times!
My surgery was scheduled for 8:00 AM for reasons (unexplained)  I was bumped & did not get into Op. theatre until after 12:00 noon?  Instead of being in o/night, I was not discharged until late, late afternoon.
My surgery was very quick and sufficient!  Thank you Dr. XXXXXX.
My surgery went better then I expected + staff was great and helped me with all my needs.  There was an intern that took care of me my last couple of days that was really great + caring and I know will make an excellent RN!  Thanks for everything  XXXX
My surgical stay was gold star - from anesthetist, surgeon OR nurses, nurses in short stay  All were attentive to me  Spoke to me about what was happening at all times - never seemed distracted or more interested in other things than me.
My treatment as if yet is not completed  I was transferred from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to my local hospital in XXXXX to continue my recovery
My treatment at the hospital was very good, but because of being over their capacity.  I was in a TV room converted to a 4-bed ward.  Bathroom down the hall and very noisy at right especially
My treatment at the hospital was very good.  I have no complaints
My visit for my broken wrist went well except for the wait time. It was obvious I needed X-rays because it was the 2nd break in the same location. Obvious issues, bloodwork X-rays - stitches should be fast tracked to free up time for doctors, they would have X-ray in hand already when seeing them.
My visit to the ED on XXXXXXXXXXXXXX was just as the Covid-19 lockdown was being implemented. As a result, there was no one in the waiting room when I arrived and I was seen immediately. I only attended the ED because I couldn't be seen by my family physician or at a walk-in clinic due to restrictions related to Covid-19 and I required an x-ray of the thumb of my dominant hand to rule out a fracture. If I had been able to see my family physician (who is normally extremely accessible) for assessment and requisition for an x-ray, that's what I would have done. While this survey doesn't address it, I felt the measures in place to screen for and protect patients and staff from Covid-19 were excellent. Thank you.
My visit to the emergency dept last XXXXXXXXXXXX was very ensuring by all doctors and nurses.  I would recommend to all my family & friends without hesitation  Thank you
My visit was very good!
My visit was very informative of my condition and overall comforting considering the pain I was in. A 10 thank you
My whole stay at the hospital was excellent.  Very pleased.
My wife & I feel very bad about all the cut backs in our health system not hospitals or through teams but the government.
My wife informed staff I was high risk for falling yet no signs were posted in my room.  This information was not shared with the PSW who took me for a shower.  I was left alone resulting in a fall.  - Floors in my room were dirty - not washed
My wife was called at the last min to arrange my coming home to XXXXXXXXX they didn?t take time and distance into my discharge and said if she couldn't arrange they would put me on a bus!!!   I was a stroke victim
My wife was extremely upset with the recovery room I should have only been there for 3 hrs I was there for 5 hrs. Someone should have came out and told me what was going on.
Myself and others were offended by the level of noises (loud laughter and speech) throughout the right.  Instead of approaching one another the yelled from one end of the hallway to the others  Much unnecessary noise arose from nursing station.
Need better communication between doctors + admit.  I was supposed to be on the 4th floor + went to 7th but doctor not informed.
Need more cleaning staff. Hospital is Disgustingly filthy. We know there is a cut back , BUT, Get with the program. .
Need more doctor & nurses to long waiting room full.
Need more nurses, not cutbacks.  They are amazing but overworked & stretched to the limit care wil suffer.
Need more staff  Your nurses are way over worked  Quality of care is only as good as your staff  Nurses +10- XX
Need organize through medical hygiene & methodology protocol
Need to have a card to show on emergency visit life threatening health blood pressure bottoms out do to gusher nose bleeds needs blood quickly xxxxx disease, xxxxx syndrome
Needed more attention in records to "bathing".
Needs better cleaning staff does not do a good cleaning of room + bathroom.
Never got my health card back.
New resident to area and this first visit was encouraging in light of the fact I did not know where to get help 1st rate experience
Night nurse had me control my own machine overnight as she had no time, once moved out of emergency, I did not ever see a doctor.  Horrible service.
Night nurse XXXX was useless - had no idea what any of our problems were, had not read the charts, had to be called to remind her that we needed pain med, seemed to be xxxxx- did not do BP during night & was totally unprofessional
Night shift nurse did not check on me all night.  The medication to stop bleeding in my bladder had run out and I ended up full of blood clots that plugged me as soon as the catheter was remove.  Even the catheter was plugged. Could not relieve myself for five more hours until another catheter was inserted.
No  All good
No  Everything excellent
No  Everything was fine
No  Good service
No  Happy
No - I consider everything to be covered
No  I was admitted to hospital for 4 days
No - my stay was great  Thank you for the great service and thank you for the volunteer worker escorted me to my vehicle.
No  Questions cover everything
No  Thanks
No  The doctors & nurses are excellent.
No comment
No comments
No comments from me!
No communication between healthcare professionals  Lack of knowledge and communication between/during inter facility transfers  No pain management & multiple medication errors  No head total assessment done by any physician during hospital stay
No complaints
No complaints about my hospital visits
No complaints at all.
No complaints, all was very good except the food
No concern or statistics re xxxxx:  This was post op complication  I was treated as if I was at a clinic appointment  There were d/c mistakes re drugs that caused severe problems  xxxxx nurse in ER was extremely rude!!  ABSOLUTELY NO PRIVACY when physician giving results - in hall in front of 15-20 other patients.
No dr or nurse talked to family members after surgery.  I think they should have been informed.
No every time when I did go it was the always, the time too take a number.  Until you were called.
No excepting that the nursing staff are great
No I cannot think or remember about the visit but the doctors and nurses very nice.
No I don't have any question
No I was taken good care!
No issues with dept  However hospital has no access to non hospital tests - xrays etc. even though they are done in the health system.  Just a computer access to prevent duplication.
No it was all good thanks!!
No it was fine (good)
No matter how many times I try to explain I have enough of the pain and seizures, medical staff does not understand or grasp the degree of severity.  I asked to be "committed" but don't have room nor believe I'm done with it  Was told nothing more can be done; the experts here not qualified for my problems.
No my hospital stay was good.
No one asked me what kind of room I wanted  ex = semi private & or private  Doctors are not always right.
No problems
No room was available, spent 2 days in a day surgery ward with 14 other patients  A washroom at either end  Curtained area around my small area; noisy day & night so not all care specialized for total knee surgery.  Upsetting  Not well planned!  Complaint lodged/nothing changed.
No thank you
No thank you overall care was excellent in emerg & in hospital x 1 week
No the wait was no to long because it was not busy
No they took care of me  Thank you very much
No warning of having to be hospitalized.  I came with sweat pants a tee shirt - no other attire in hospital for 5 days.  3 days were spent in my sweats & tee.  No change of underwear  My sister tried to bring me changes of clothes & toiletries (I understand covid is first & foremost)
No!  Everything was very good
No, all was covered as far as my hospital stay  Although, I wish my family could have visited, not just one member  However I do understand why that could not happen at this time.
No, except that when a dr. tells you that something is all in your head, and you almost die from your ailment, then there is a pretty big problem!!  What do you think?  I do not recommend this emergency department, to anyone!!  PS It doesn't make a difference about filling out surveys, things will not change in your facility!!  So maybe you shouldn't waste the paper!!
No, I'm alright with the whole thing  XX
No, like it just the way it is very pleasant courteous and professional.
No, satisfied with the help I got
No, there are no issues
Nobody checked the thermostat so I froze, while my room air conditioned itself to 17 degree celsius.  The thermostat was locked up so patients couldn't mess with it.  Funny thing that.
None @ the moment.
None thanks
Not (unreadable) staff
Not all visits are the same - My last visit was pretty good - Dr was great & got me the follow up specialist I needed & CT scan.  Not all dr. care the same way to makes me feel like its a hit & miss as far as which dr you get.
Not an unpleasant experience
Not at this time
Not at this time
Not at this time.
Not bad
Not checked over before release.  Had swollen leg which turned out to be a blood clot & I had to return to emergency
Not enough chairs for the people visiting
Not enough French specially for an older + French person only this is very sad - people should speak both language if they work in an hospital but you don't care  Translated from French - Why not send a bilingual questionnaire?
Not enough nurses  Had mental health issues across hall roaming halls coming in room and yelling at night  He was a real nuisance and scary not right floor for this man I couldn't sleep well
Not enough nurses.  They were run off their feet  Doctors were very busy.  Stop spending money on co. and upper management
Not enough nursing staff to cover all patients
Not enough practical assistance with ostomy!
Not have spending much time in hospitals I was treated with a great deal of respect!  The doctors & nurses did a great job in making my stay as comfortable as possible!  Again thank you all!  XXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Not having a choice of what was on the menu was the worst  Lights in the SSU need to be turned off at a reasonable time.  One night was passed 10 PM.
Not impressed to return to waiting room in uncomfortable wheelchair + then brought again to other waiting room when they put a person next to you with the flu when I have a heart condition.  The doctor + nurses are not the problem, they are very efficient.
Not much variety in food choices  Food is not very savory
Not only was the emergency department visit pleasant but my care on the heart floor was so comforting  They were caring + compassionate  You always hear bad stories but I must say I was very grateful + proud of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  Keep up the great work!  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Not pleased with food came cold; not too tasty
Not possible to sleep with all the laughing & loud talking in my room & the hall immediately outside my room BP machines beeping all night & blood taking way too frequently nurses left all the stickers on during heart checks.
Not really
Not really  I am pretty good now.
Not really  Overall I had a very positive experience and I received excellent care  My room was the short stay surgical area and it was just fine being there!
Not really I was only there overnight.
Not really!  But I had sever sciatic pain taken 3 types of medication none work  "I'd like to have" operation to correct problem  I walk 60 yards have to sit down do exercises  This is been like this for 6 months  I'm missing out to much of life  Work, fishing, hunting
Not really.
Not satisfied with some of the meals
Not sure some of the questions applied to a broken femur.
Not sure what race or skin colour we are, its not applicable  We are all human beings (persons) seeking healthcare  P/S Remove from questionnaire  Its offensive to some.  Thank you
Not to be in emergency so long before given a room.  4 days.
Not too clean
Not very busy when I was there.
Not worth at all.
Note I answered yes, definitely to # 19 and # 23 must have I was released and not admitted XXX has great, top people - surgery and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX are very fortunate - fantastic restaurants too!
Noticed departments are short staff.
Nurse + medical care perfect  Hospital absolutely filthy!!! Why?  This is unacceptable!  Bathrooms especially must be investigated + corrected  Phones are dirty + cleaning staff are work living the budget cuts.  Please do something about this scale 1 - 10 zero!  What is your infection rate?  If you wish please call me  XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXX 52 Cleanliness of rooms & bathroom?  - 1, 10+ 0 - 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 Zero, yes were you concerned about post hospital infections?
Nurse hygiene in handling medication for me.  Not washing (hand sanitizer) after caring for other patients.
Nurse work too hard could use more staff
Nurse would not send in medication to pharmacy  Had to wait in the car for 2 hours for blister pack at pharmacy.
Nurse XXXX in ICU was excellent
Nurses - pleasant  Dr that saw me was patient, kind - explained the problem, agreed with prior med. I was prescribed by the clinic.  Assured me that I was on the right med & heading in the right direction  Very pleasant to deal with!!  He smiled & was very respectful at all times
Nurses & doctors did a great job.
Nurses & staff amazing!!  Food sucked - kept being given food that was not on my low fibre high protein diet also took almost a week to get a note on my food chart that I hate oatmeal!!
Nurses + doctors very helpful through whole thing.
Nurses + staff were great.  No complaints here
Nurses all shorthanded always running.  The cleaning staff is short handed.
Nurses also wrote down things for me to do at home.
Nurses always at the desk.  People moaning, vomiting, yet at the desk  Times have changed.
NURSES AND DOCTORS AND OTHER STAFF COMMUNICATED WELL WITH EACH OTHER AND WERE WELL ORGANIZED.  THE ATMOSPHERE WAS POSITIVE AND SUPPORTIVE.
Nurses and everyone were very polite & friendly  If directions were needed everyone was helpful.
Nurses and PSW's I love you.  Thanks for all your help.
Nurses and staff were very nice and informative.  Very impress with hospital stay.
Nurses and support staff were excellent.  Doctors in general lack bed side manner conducive to putting patient at ease  Arrogance, and impatience, evident making it hard to get meaningful info out of them.  Perhaps related to high stress levels?
Nurses are extremely overworked.  I did not know if my family doctor needed to be informed/contacted after my surgery.
Nurses are fantastic and show a lot of patience when dealing with so many type of patients.
Nurses are overworked!
Nurses are to short staffed.
Nurses are too busy to give the care a person needs.  Discharge is delayed due to nurses being to busy - understaffed.  No snacks or drinks or water available or offered.
Nurses are understaffed but worked tirelessly to provide exceptional care.  More front line staff is needed.  Fewer administrators
Nurses are wonderful but overworked.  Dr's can give more time to patients to answer questions instead of leaving it to nurses.
Nurses did not always listen as to what the family had to say!  IE nicotine patches were not given as instructed, certain medications were given when we asked not to (Dilaudid)
Nurses for my room were very friendly & helpful  Food was fairly good.
Nurses home care (PSWs) all over extended.
Nurses in ICU were excellent.  They always apologized when they had to wake me to take my temperature & blood pressure
Nurses in kidney department were very kind and sympathetic with my illness and needs.  Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and though shalt be saved  Acts 16 31
Nurses need to organize their time to deliver medications due before shift change.  A number of times my meds (pain) were well overdue by the time new shift got report & were able to administer them - up to 2 hrs or more past due.
Nurses shortage could be a problem!
Nurses should be supplied with required equipment such as thermometers.  Too often, after checking vitals, they had to go looking for a thermometer in order to finish the check ups.  They are already busy & don't have the time to waste looking for necessary equipment.
Nurses should know about the interaction with cimetidine + plavix when they gave it to me.  I learned about it on my own from the # prescription prescription printout
Nurses should review limitations with patients before procedures  Could have used assistance in dressing to leave hospital.
Nurses that stayed late the day of surgery were incredible & well appreciated  Considering a day surgery only.  Complications to freezing & numbness  I had to stay 1 extra day.  Nurse confirmed rare case of situation since I could not feel my right leg till 1.5 days after.
Nurses treated me very well, made my stay pleasant!!
Nurses very professional.  Doctors too.
Nurses were all awesome
Nurses were amazing, surgeon was excellent  The only person that I felt a little uncomfortable with due to his impression on me was the anesthesiologist.  He was the only one that, to me, appeared unkind, like a robot.
Nurses were attentive and worked hard  They were very good at taking care and assisting me. Pre-admission were professional & directed & showed me where to be after registering
Nurses were excellent pleasant and helpful.
Nurses were excellent!!!
Nurses were great & excellent at there job.
Nurses were great but spread too thin!!  Doctors sucked - in hospital for 8 days and saw doctors twice - had to sign myself out because no Dr. showed.
Nurses were great.  Emergency is chaotic and unorganized.  Not enough beds for patients.  Nurses overworked & busy
Nurses were great.  Same cannot be said for doctors
Nurses were not happy with me cause I had to go to bathroom about every hour & I had a brace on & had to be helped
Nurses were short staffed I had to stop my own IV drips as nurse was going on break & no one else was available she showed me how I pulled the drip line out of the needle in my hand so I could move around.
Nurses were very good
Nurses were very good  Doctor provided excellent care and follow-up  (Dr. XXXXXXXX)
Nurses were very kind & professional  Hospital stay was excellent
Nurses were wonderful and very caring.
Nurses/PSWs are run off of their feet XXX patients are very demanding, there should be another hospital for a city of this size.
Nursing care at XXX has been amazing.  As in most facilities, they seem short staffed and sometimes did not have enough time to discuss medicinal requirement.  Overall fantastic care.
Nursing care poor, I was in same gown (that didn't close at back) bedding pad not changed in my entire stay (NB shoulders arthritic) could not close gown to go to washroom, but always out my bed felt unclean
Nursing staff + doctor was at the highest standard overall great care was given during my stay.
Nursing staff and procedure nurses where excellent  Anesthesiologist where excellent  Ques 49 have another answer not acceptable  Dr XXXXXX is very good  Thank  to air ambulance A1
Nursing staff are first rate.
Nursing staff at birthing center are amazing!  Good rep in community.  Did not receive any info/support for bottle feeding/formula (baby still does not latch).  XXX has reputation for being overcrowded.  I was pleased that the birthing floor was an exception.
Nursing staff need a little more bedside training.
Nursing staff was very kind  Doctors did not communicate with us effectively except for the psychiatrist.
Nursing staff were awesome.  The food was very good.  Doctors visited everyday and were very helpful.
Of all nurses XXXXXX was the best.  Please tell this to XXXXXX
Oh ... yes  There is a lot that needs to be brought to your attention.  One day during my stay I heard nurses say that there was "no wash cloths, towels, or any linens in the hospital  So what were they were to do?  Wash by hand the wash cloths + towels + wait for them to dry + reuse them again.  Again ... one day when my husband came to visit me his feet "stuck" to the floor.  This is unacceptable.  This hospital is our local hospital but it is so darn dirty Period  Floors are not washed.  Bathroom has bugs that I killed.  Word of mouth travels fast and I have no problem telling people about my stay  If I ever need to go into a hospital ever again I would not go to our local hospital  XXXXXXXXXXX  P.S. Your cleaning staff sucks + they should take a lesson from when the old XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was run by nuns  That was a cleaning staff  So give them them a course in cleaning.
Oh yes the food please no wonder people get out of this hospital fast you don't give no fruit or vegetables  The food in the hospital is for the dogs and not even that.  This is very very bad.  You don't do anything about it I'll do something and soon if have no complements for that hospital  It's getting worst worst all the time and who suffering the patients and don't lay off any nurses.  Some are working too much so do something about it and soon.
Old age should not have for ambulance
On day of departure, I wait for the xxxxx nurse to arrive and discharge me  Seeing as it was XXXXXXXXXXXXX and keeping with the paper I signed, I left room and sat in nearby room for the nurse but xxxxx did not show up.  I was suppose to be discharged at 12:00 midday, there was a storm outside and I live in a very rural area, but his lunch, a photo op then break were more important than a 5 minute talk and discharge.  Wasn't discharged till 12:45 better time management is much needed  Could done it 11:55 then lunch/photo op/break.
On IV most of the time, but when I did get a liquid diet, it was disgusting.  The broth was unbelievably horrible.  Jello flavours limited most meals I only consumed juice.
On particular nurse XXXXXXXXX on the north wing 0 7th floor was an excellent nurse  She was very caring and understanding  I received excellent care from her as well as the other nurses  Nursing students who were there in XXX + XXX was also very good
On second visit after surgery the wait was very long to have x-ray and to see doc on second visit but I completely understand and appreciate all you have done for me.
On the 4th floor Seventh xxxxx you have a xxxxx nurse called XXXX.  If every nurse was as good as XXXX it would be wonderful  xxxxx is caring & very efficient  Thank you
On the day I was released from hospital I was given pain meds to take before I left, it was on a weekend, pharmacy in my town closed at 1:00 on XXXXXXXX no pain meds available until XXXXXX not a good experience.
On the whole, everything was good this time, but when transferred out of division felt a little neglected until I went home.
On XXXXXXXXXXXX, I was admitted for cancer colon surgery.  The cancer was completely removed.  Within a few days, I developed severe pneumonia and an unknown infection.  I had to be put on a ventilator and remained in ICU for about a week.  I was told by my doctor that there was no infection before nor the day after my operation.  I believe the infection was contacted in my room.  I left the hospital XXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Once in a hospital bed the care and information was more consistent - the 3 days in emergency in an "green ward" were horrible noisy, no privacy, very little information, stressful.
Once on the floor things were much better - yet the floor nurses would never listen.  I was even called a liar because of a med given  I think there nurses + dr. need more training on how to treat as patient.  I hope I never have to return - ever.
Once operated on, the care I received was fabulous.  Thanks.  Story - third time in emerge for heart.  Sent home after test (twice in 6 months?  Now ambulance @ 10:00 PM waited until 3:30 for test @ 4:30 AM sent home.  Walked outside alone waited for cab.  Could not walk, just made it back in.  Doctor seemed frustrated.  Told to go back and sit again, then saline tripod, gurney, no pillow, put in waiting room and nurse told me it will be a week before surgery.  Told myself I'll never make it a week.  I've already bought my cemetery plot and "will" is made.  Just hoping for a chance.  Husband of schizophrenia ex-wife 25 yrs and my two beautiful boys suffer the same.  Doctor XXXX past by and saw me, I'm his patient also . Looked @ my chart and said you need to be operated on today, now.  What did he see that others did not?  I've received three stents 90% blocked & 75% blocked.  I now feel great.  Dr. XXXX basically saved my life.  The floor doctor was sending me home because of politics.
Once you get into the hospital service is great!  Getting in takes a lot of time and can be worrisome  Can feel that you are a part of an assembly line  Overall excellent.
One day missed my lunch and they moved me to 4 peoples rooms actually my insurance plan should pay for semi-private room without explanation to me that is for fair I think you did it do it right accordingly and they not even move my clothes or belongings to my staying other room.
One evening no one checked my urine bag and I felt that my bladder was going to burst.
One needs to be patient, as being in a lineup/waiting can sometimes be very trying!
One night at 4am when I rang for help to go to bathroom, a few days after my hip operations while I was still sitting on the bed and the nurse's attention was elsewhere, I said I had to "pee bad," she said well then go, go as I stood and held onto my walker I fainted & fell. Some remember some not. She tried to pull me up, couldn't so pushed me up I don't remember all next morning when I asked if a report had been made, there was none. The nurse denied anything like that took place she lied & even changed her story in front of other visitors others lied for her too, said she wasn't there that night she was there! She was the one who often wore home made masks & hats to match over XXXX was ones with Xmas material that matched the day shift nurse said that would be illegal only standard masks were allowed & no hats. It was a real cover up I fell with the walker didn't seem to hurt my surgery but gave it an awful jar hurt my shoulder & knee (I have knee replacements) on the same side a surgery (left side) I do not hold her responsible accidents do happen! She lied outright when she said that evening, in front of visitors in my room, that she told me not to move and that I had gone on my own I know I had stood up & grabbed the walker she had put there. I don't remember a lot after that, but felt myself falling walker & all. Then her trying to pull me up by my arms, from the front her telling me to help. I remember saying "I can't, your going to fall on me" then I remember her pushing me up from behind telling me to try & help I don't remember much after that. This was no dream it was real there was no one else there either at least before she tried to push me up from behind.
One nurse kept calling me dear or sweetie.  I know how it was intended but it was not appreciated and not appropriate.  I reported the nurse
One nurse rather rude room very crowded and multiple sexes
One nurse was very rough when moving me in bed.  She did not take into consideration that I had fractures in my lower back and that I had just had abdominal surgery.
One of the nurses post partum was not very friendly or helpful with helping me get out of bed or at all physically after my c-section. She also did not manage my pain well, and would not give me full doses of pain meds when needed - only half doses which did not help my pain
One of the other patients in my room of 3 made me decide to get released ASAP I understand the need for tolerance.  Excellent staff, I have no complaints.
One thing I did notice upon arrival was that they were understaffed.  This effected each area I was in.  Apparently, a number of staff had not come in.  I have to say the staff that was there did an amazing job at completing all tasks and did so in a good nature although you could see they were tired.
One thing that needs to be improved is I was having surgery, so I had to put all my belongings in a bag including my eye glasses.  I am very blind without them and did not receive them for exactly 12 hours after giving them in  I could not even eat  My husband had to feed me supper.
Only complaint I have is that I went to emerg told them I had shortness of breath  I had to wait about 1 2/3 hrs
Only complaint was my stay over night  My roommate was loud + disrespectful, she would always bug the nurses therefore I was not able to get some rest  Staff was amazing!!
Only complaint, the food.  Not enough fresh fruit & veg.  My food tray was never right always missing something.  One day they had run out of buns to serve with chili
Only concern hospital was not clean.
Only concern is the constant noise which makes necessary rest & sleep an impossibility!
Only concern was waiting in emergency for hours tests were alone and no communication had appendicitis - was in pain was in emerg for 6 hrs.
Only hospital in town.  No semiprivate room available.  Still had a lot of pain.  Food was terrible.  Noisy in an area with a lot of patients.  Area not convenient or comfortable to see physiotherapist to attempt therapy.  Spouse unaware of my whereabouts in hospital after surgery for 3 hours - No info known by nurses or desk staff.
Only info I received was from my doctor.  My Bipap machine was never provided.  The hospital is filthy without my family there.  I would not have had adequate care.
Only one mild complaint - the meals were always cold, tea & coffee barely lukewarm, stayed at hosp twice - in short period of time.  - South xxxxx food was warmer - North xxxxx food was cold.
Only one minor thing: when I left my room for the angiogram I wasn't told I wouldn't ber returning to that room, so I didn't bother gathering my things together.  A nurse did it for me and a (minor) article was left behind and lost
Only one nurse on the day I was being discharged was not very pleasant or overly patient.
Only that it is not very clean and things didn't get done that should been done re cleaning
Only they did not bring me a tray for dinner the first night and they feed me all the wrong food for a diabetic.
Other than a longish wait, I was very satisfied with my visit, and very impressed with Dr. XXXX who scheduled me to return and see him 3 days later at the ER for a follow-up!  I had never heard of an ER doctor doing that.  And on that visit 3 days later, he ran more tests, determined the issue, and immediately referred me to a specialist!  And this specialist called me within a week for a consultation later this month!  My commendations to all
Other than wait time - sometimes hours I find that the staff are doing their best especially in an emergency
Our healthcare system needs a shakedown - nurses - under worked over payed - not enough RNA's  -Have to work on a team system - None essential - over payed
Our visit this time was 4 hrs when husband went in for blood clot in XXXX he was there 18 hrs.  Much improved!
Outstanding nurses!
Over a 2 day period I was in ER 4 times to remedy bleeding.  I had a cyst removed from my hand the day following this surgery my hand became very swollen, painful and bled a lot  On the fourth visit the bleeding was stopped  All hospital staff were friendly, professional + treated me well  Considering it was a weekend, my time in ER was not unreasonable  Just one question comes to mind  Why was the bleeding not properly the first time?
Over all excellent care XXXXXXXXXXXX
Over crowded. Nurses over worked. Thank god for the nurses doing what they do. They made it a good stay.
Overall - very good  Cleaning is minimal and meals are not so good = if you get one.
Overall a dreadful experience ER dr's missed my appendicitis on 1st 2 ER visits and it perforated.  Had to demand a CT scan to discover this on 3rd ER visit  Staff in ER are rude and desensitized.  Bed shortages, hallway cots, late pain meds, no food for 24 hrs because it didn't follow me to the floor  Room was dirty  Housekeeping swept 1/2 the room once
Overall a good experience
Overall a good experience  I am hopeful I will have a complete + pain free recovery.
Overall a good experience  Staff tried very hard to look after things.
Overall a good visit dr's able to set my broken forearm so surgery has not been needed.
Overall a very positive experience.  Nurses very professional + caring especially on the floor  Would of appreciated a few smiles entering surgery.
Overall care was excellent.
Overall considering the covid pandemic they did an excellent job.
Overall excellent - food also good  My hearing difficulties definitely contributed to some of my understanding regarding care  I sometimes needed my daughter to explain new medication when she came in
Overall experience very good!  Only shortfall was not getting 2 tests I was told about and didn't get one of the tests was done after I was told I was being discharged  Very disappointing as I asked about having tests all week
Overall experience was great with the exception to some of the nurses in the NICU  A lot of their advice, opinions, were conflicting which made it hard for me to know what I really was supposed to do in regards to my child
Overall good
OVerall good experience  Did not resolve my issue with my acute pain to the knee  The physician solely made an assessed by the xray  No physical examination to the knee  Could not have weight bare on it but stated I was ok & even go to work with it!  I also work in the system as a medical professional!  Care by the physical could have been better.
Overall I received very good care while in hospital.  The cleaning staff were exceptionally good
Overall I was pleased with my stay.  My surgeon was excellent, the nurses and healthcare aides were very friendly and helpful.  The one concern the overall cleanliness of the hospital.  It appeared that there were not enough staff.
Overall I was treated well but the food was terrible.  My girlfriend would bring me meals.  Most time the food was luke warm at best
Overall I was very impress with staff, I was well taken care of.  Next time I'd like them to give me my vaccination that was suppose to be given and they forgot.  Beside that great job!
Overall I was very well treated.
Overall my experience was not pleasant but the nurses & healthcare professionals were excellent.  The only negatives were my initial wait time to get care and the doctor seemed overworked.  Nurses did an awesome job.  Thanks for fixing me up.  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Overall my experience was very good.  I felt very safe and cared for by most.  I did have a very negative experience with one nurse during the night of my stay.  I needed help to the bathroom and I pressed the wrong button on my bed (which I didn't realize no longer works) and no one came.  The actual call button was tied around the top of my bed rail and I didn't see it.  I waited 30 minutes and I ended up calling the main switchboard on my cellphone and they relayed a message to the nursing station.  The nurse who responded was clearly angry and impatient with me.  This made me feel terrible.  I don't think this is acceptable when you are in pain and need help to the bathroom. She was not my assigned nurse, who was very nice and caring and actually apologized about the way this nurse treated me.  All other staff I encountered were very caring.
Overall my hospital stay was very satisfactory.  My general sense when walking the hallways was that equipment, beds, chairs etc were being stored in the hallways instead of in a designated storage area.  For me the hallways were not as clear as they should have been for walking and for the staff as a waiting area. ie perhaps a min + safety concern at times
Overall my stay was good
Overall nurses and doctors were great.  I felt like they were truly concerned and wanted to help.  The hospital environment itself was horrible, short staffed, lacked supplies (especially in ER), long waits and lacking in communication.
Overall rating is due to infrastructure not staff.  Overflow medicine north is substandard and depressing - staff do a great job but patients are not given services of the day.  Also - meals were wonderful  Thank you
Overall the care I received was very good  However, I went to the E.R. with a blinding headache that had lasted for several days and yet I had to wait for 5 hours to see a doctor.  Triage needs improvements.
Overall the emergency care and all of the nurses and the staff were incredible and Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX was incredible.  However, Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, who performed my angiogram through my wrist came to see me after the procedure, which was extremely painful, and he blamed me for a hematoma caused during the procedure, which was also very painful and caused excessive bruising on my entire arm and he was very rude and dismissive with myself and my family member and didn't give me accurate information.  If not for him I would give a 10 rating for both the hospital and the entire staff.  I will make sure if it ever happens again that I do not get him for my procedure.
Overall they treated me ok!
Overall very good experience at XXX.  However, I really never did see the Surgeon in charge for diagnosed liver infection and abscess until I went back as an outpatient 2 weeks after discharge.  I understand the Surgeons are likely more busier than normal with the back-log of surgeries due to COVID-19.  However during my hospital stay, I saw occasional Resident Doctors that seemed to change day by day so I was unsure who was in charge or consistently knowledgeable on my health condition.  Nurses were fantastic on the 7th floor xxxxx!
Overall very good experience. Only thing that bothered me was not being able to smoke.
Overall very satisfied with my hospital stay and surgical procedure  Thank you
Overall, everything was good except for food which was not good + my room was not cleaned + she was not changed during 2 night stay for c-section
Overall, quick care (TIA patient) recent and response from all staff who assisted with my care.
Overall, the nurses were all so nice and kind.  The two persons that camed to get me to my room for Ultra-sound, very friendly.  Even the cleaning staff.  My only complaint of my stay would be the food.
Overall, the staff was excellent to deal with.  There was one doctor who treated me poorly and I cannot remember her name (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX).  She was so belligerent that I had to tell her to back up and calm down.  It was unbelievable.
Pain management was great before & during birth.  But after baby was born, pain management was not important I was finally given strong pain meds (I was vomiting due to the pain) and the next nurse that replaced my original acted upset that I would take pain meds because she would have to watch baby's breathing she made me feel very guilty
Pain was not managed by staff.  Needed to lay down was only on chair in waiting room (in the middle of the night).  Phone call to ACU clinic was not made to allow me to be seen same day sooner than reg sch appt.  ER 04:30 till 13:30 ACU visit (could have been seen @ 12:00 in ACU when dr. arrived instead of waiting till 13:30 appt.
Pandemic made patient care a challenge - overall the nurses graded above average  Doctor grade average a poor in communication
Parking  Not honest parking fees  Posted hr rate  Confusing daily rate  Weekly rate not clear  Not posted  Security did not have ability to explain
Parking at the hospital is terrible, without enough disability spots close to the main entrance.
Parking fee for spouse of patient or parents of patient should be eliminated.
Parking fee should be discontinued as I personally feel that the taxis I pay each year should be used to pay for patient and visitor parking
Parking too expensive  Waiting room referred to as the zoo too crowded  I don't smoke however smoking fines are too severe
Patient admitted to my room (semi private) that had extreme mental problems and I felt insecure.  I was warned by one nurse to hide any valuables because of his condition - I was also removed to a ward for my comfort  In that room I was disturbed by loud talking staff at 11PM waking me -  On morning of discharge after many attempts to be fed, a meager tray was brought in at 10:30 AM.  I was being urged to stay in a chair in hall and wait for discharge  "still with no breakfast"  I refused  I was upset because no food = and I am a mild diabetic!  NOTE:  The nurses were great!  The system has had too many cut backs (cause of problem)
Patient in neighboring bed was constantly placed 2 ft from my bed for his washroom needs.  This was disgusting and a patient should not be having a bowel movement in a chair 2 ft from another patients bed.  Nurses left excrement in chair for a substantial amount of time after placing patient back in his bed leaving a significant odor in the room.
Patients should be asked if comfortable sitting or lying down.  Thank you.
Pay the nurses more money
Pay the student nurses. What they do should be rewarded monetarily not just for educational benefit.
Perhaps it was due to Covid-19, but there was no cleaning staff or dirty laundry picked up Although the hospital was clean enough
Perhaps more training for the staff while probing for arteries during blood extraction procedures.
Person at registration had no empathy.  Kept asking questions as I vomited in a plastic bag.  There was no tissues I could clean up with so I used paper masks on her desk.  She came to me + gave me a container, rolled my chair to the waiting room.  I had to ask where I could dispose of the vomit  The paramedics were awesome  I felt comforted + safe in their care  Thanks XXXX + XXXXX!
Physician did not test and gave a wrong diagnosis.  I was told I had a muscle spasm, but I actually bulged a disc that compressed the S, nerve root.  I went to the ER with a slow shuffled gout and legs giving out.  No one even offered a wheelchair  I am a XXXXX and I am not impressed with the care provided!
Pleasant stay  I was only there for 24 hrs and then transferred back to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Please change the mattress in the beds.  The ones you had before, much comfortable.
Please change the toilet paper to more user friendly products
Please clean the floors especially the bathrooms I was there over 2 yrs ago and it was filthy then, and it still dirty.
Please have ultrasounds available to locate veins I was poked 9 times while trying to get an anesthesiologist whom froze my hand then got the IV in
Please hire more employees/janitors etc/ to clean your hospital facility. It would appear your current cleaning staff is understaffed
Please keep up the good work  Nurses + support staff were excellent.
Please make better food.  It's part of getting better.  This is the only thing I found completely wrong
Please review your menu!
Please test for covid-19
Political survey (usual)
Poor communications with patient re doctor's follow up after surgery waited until noon + found doctor had left hospital did not gives medication or post op instinct from any hospital staff
Poor food menu
Poor food.
Poor food.
Poor help by nursing staff.  Had a BM and asked for help to clean up  Was refused help by RN staff.
Poor management poor emergency doctors. Someone please get off your ass XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
Poor nurses - they did not have time to do all - we need more nurses & more time for them to do all they have to do
Poor quality food, could be improved.
Poor service
Possible stroke but care was expedited to check this out.  To agree or disagree  Speedily, efficiently with loving care
Post c-section discharge should be longer than 48 hrs, recovery & caring for newborn too challenging this soon.
Post op the wait for a bed was longer than expected.
Premise of discharge was in the works on admission therefore my pain was not managed well after a huge surgery  Surgery on XXXXXX pain started to be managed well XXXXXXX PM  Spent a second night in short stay
Pretty good service.
Prior to my pre op, I was not aware that I was obligated to take a COVID 19 test and then isolated until my surgery  I was caught off guard and had to make alternate arrangements with work as I was planning on working right up to the day of my surgery  Also my husband was not able to come in with me which was very difficult on both of us.
Pro/ Overall I was very satisfied with treatment, care & even the food  Special thanks to my doctor & nurse XXXXXXX.  Con/ Wasn't clear on what to expect or how long recovery would take or if I needed to do certain exercises to help with recovery.
Professional staff
Professional, courteous, efficient; but cologne should probably not be used in emerge or triage.
Provide chairs for patients family members to sit on. Provide a pillow for the patient. Work a little quicker sounded like 'party hour' while we waited, lots of laughter, plans being made for Christmas/New Year's celebrations by docs & nurses very unprofessional, not appropriate.
PSWs great so are nurses
PSWs where very kind and helpful during my stay.
Quality of food can be improved.  -  My food choices were often missed.
Question - 10 didn't see then to empty my catheter bag.  Question 51 that's not N/A after question 50.
Question #30.  My surgery involved a gall bladder removal however the breakfast food served was high in fat.  Somehow there seemed to be a disconnect between surgery/food requirement.  I feel this could be easily accommodated given the data (patient) collection and automated systems available.
Question #9  I was in short stay with many other patients - at night there was often a patient in need of help, so there was often some noise but al staff was very professional and as quiet as possible.  In Covid times I understand about short stay and my stay was excellent.
Question 15  -  given pain medication I had not taken before.  Everyone at the hospital was very professional.
Question 42 I marked no but I didn't need the information  I didn't have any complaints.
Questions #21 was hard to answer since I've never been at any other hospital for a stay
Questions 34 & 35 - "explained"  I requested a private room but had to share a room & washroom facilities with a patient who had to have his knee replacement removed because of an infection he got  My anxiety level raised because of my concern of being exposed to using the same facilities as him  Didn't want to get an infection in my knee replacement.  Washroom facilities not always in pat down or disinfected after his use.
Quick response to a stroke that helped me to a total recovery to this I am grateful.  Missed meals due to tests.  Food was not very good
Quick, efficient, courteous health care providers  My visit was on the eve of a national holiday and required a prescription to be filled asap  They found where I could go and gave me directions as I was not familiar with the location.
Quite pleasant.
Radios and TVs played to loud at times.  Conversation in some rooms to loud and disturbing at times.
RE arrival at hospital  I was medicated and sedated when I arrived.  When I awoke, surgery had already been done on my broken back
Re question 8 - floors were not mopped, bathroom not cleaned but surfaces were wiped down daily re question 6-dr's in emerg did not always listen carefully but surgeons did
Re XXXXXXXXXXXXX ED visit Dr XXXX (resident) was difficult to get information out of, was impatient with questions, did not know the dosing of the medication she was suggesting, and absolutely did not make me feel comfortable upon discharge  Had to call charge RN when I got home as I was still in acute pain, otherwise I would have returned to emerge
Really nice staff
Received excellent care
Received excellent care.  All medical staff were helpful & caring.  Everything done as quickly as possible including xrays & blood work. They were all aware of how painful my injury could be
Received great care in ICU where I spent 3 days when switched to regular room. Room was dirty especially the bathroom, nurses confused, not a great experience!!!
Receptionist where very apathetic.
Recommendation I believe the emergency waiting room area (before one sees a doctor) should be divided into 2 areas where those fighting off a virus, flu, etc. (something contagious) should be kept apart from those going in for a local pain (X-ray, etc).  If I come in with pain (accident, injury, etc.) I don't want to pick up a secondary problem, such as a virus (people coughing, throwing up, etc).  Thank you for your consideration to this matter.  XX
Reduce the cost of parking  Improve the meal served to patient as the taste and quality is very poor
Referring to question 61 & 62 - I waited for over an hour to see a doctor at the clinic I was told to arrive early to register (about 20 mins) it was the "waiting room" area& the dirty staff behind the scenes were at fault I was the last person left in the waiting area as other patients were called in after the second round of patients, coming and going, I asked one staff member when I would be taken.  The reply I got was "there are 3 doctors working in the clinic today" she did not ask my name or who my doctor was on her next "pop out" to fetch another patient, I asked her about my doctor & told her my last name.  She never said a word, like - "I'll look into it, but I did see her through a window go into the other clinic area.  She came out and said I was next at this point I had been in that waiting room for 1.5 hours.  I could still be there today if I had not preferred the staff recommend that staff ask "who are you here to see, & last name" every so often & let patients know what is going on!
Reflecting back on my stay in the hospital I can confidently report that the doctors, nurses and hospital staff provided a comforting, caring and trusting atmosphere. Thank you all
Regarding question 43, the person that filled out my discharge papers wrote down an incorrect telephone number for my cardiologist leading me to have to make a long distance phone call to the hospital to get the correct one.  Being on a fixed income, I found this to be an avoidable, unnecessary expense, easily avoided.
Regarding questions about my condition I had a stroke, but I am young so it was not the hospitals fault for not giving me knowledge about my care/treatment as they didn't know why it was caused.  Overall good stay, though some aspects seemed outdated  In XXXXXXXXXXX, they have an electronic system for choosing meds.  I was surprised XXXXXXX did it all by pen and paper  Perhaps an upgrade to keep up with times?
Registration - I should of been told to check off a ward room, as if there are no ward rooms available you would go into a semi private room  *  I was charged for a semi private, in error  My family member checked off semi private.
Rehab floor 3 is the best!  Many thanks to awesome staff
Renovations need to be complete
Required antibiotics to treat viral lung infection diagnosed by family physician  2 days later, symptoms started to clear within a week.
Resident doctor to do their job properly  It was not our chose of patients to become her doctors  Thank you  Getting to the hospital on XXXXXXXXXX, XX, XX was a big mistake for us  My husband was never sick XX years.  In XXXXXXXXX X or X, started coughing then all the problems started  I was with this problem XXXXXXX times walk in the clinic and X times in the hospital to all the doctors I told them the same symptoms  My husband felt that something was rising from the stomach stop at the throat and immediately begin coughing  He lost 36 pounds  He could not eat and did not sleep nor 2 hours a night  He received only the wrong diagnostic and wrong treatments for pneumonia and asthma  Almost 50 blood tests 2 x-ray and CT  All to the hospital and did not discover the real cause.  Please he resident doctors to pay more attention and the registration staff as well  My husband was shaking with temperature and I asked for the registration of a temperature pill and an assistant yelled at him that this is not the temperature that was on XXXXXXXXXX  In that day we stay 10 hours at the hospital  In rest on XXXXXXXXXX - 7 hours and XXXXXXXXXX + 6 hours  We discover the real cause just because I insisted to the walk in clinic on getting an endoscopy for stomach and for this was necessary to given 1 blood test and then appears 82% H pylori and finally after almost 3 months my husband got the proper treatment.  I would like to tell Dr X because he was strong positive is asthma is asthma call him Mister X asthma is at the level of the neck not the stomach.   Thank you for your patience in reading this story  My husband is super ok now
Right leg in severe pain told it was not sciatica did urine test??  It was ok!  Given muscle relaxant told to go to family dr for further testing family dr ordered doppler on vein in case of blood clot emerg visit was poor needed further testing that should have been done at the hospital on that day poor quality care by emerg dr.
RNs are never ordered - short staffed - cuts  - Housekeeping staff cut - hospital not as clean as should be germs spread  - Meals shipped in frozen & warmed are terrible.  Food should be cooked in hospital kitchen - if patients don't get good food into part they do not heal properly
Room cleaned every day.  Nurses & assistants very good.  Doctors very good.  Overall stay was very good.
Room was next to helicopter pad.
Rooms are dirty - floor was not cleaned for 3 days no bathroom.
Rooms should be swept at least every shift.  Staff should introduce themselves from what dpt and name and what they are going to be doing.
Rushed nursing care, task-oriented nurses where lack of communication between patient and nurse is evident throughout the department.  The doc that treated me made me feel like a human being, was empathetic and listened
Sanitizer dispensers are often empty  - Facial mask boxes are often empty  - Bathrooms need to be cleaned better
Satisfied
Satisfied with the care I received.
Seamless MD is an excellent program!
Second floor was no good reminded me of being in a barn  Once moved to 3rd floor things got better.  Not always the best roommates but all in all it was good!
Second visit to XXX & I would have a real difficult in finding fault with any aspect of the care I received except, I would have given a small ransom for a dab of salt in my scotch broth
Sensitivity training in all areas!!  I would also like a phone call to explain directly what happened XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Sent home too soon.  Never saw my doctor after the surgery.  Had complications after going home but must wait a month to see my surgeon.
Sent home with a plastic pan (bedpan kind of) + sample bottles with liquid er.  Did not know how to take a stool sample, what bottle to put it in.  Should have been explained to me, quite confusing.
Sent out hard copy, forgot to mention things - was put into a room with a man, right after my surgery, woke up hearing a man voice, how can they justified that - no follow up by doctor who perform surgery, nor did she removed staples, had to go to my family doctor, which he was surprised and upset that there were no follow up - emergency care, was terrible, nurses and no doctor to even look at me and explain to me what was happening, except for the one time, doctor open curtain and confirmed what I had said was happening - Force liquid down tube, even though explain that it was painful - laparotomy for sbo relief was done - some staples where not intact, nor where they holding anything, pictures have pictures to prove it - no compassion at all was given to me during the emergency room, nor did they care about my pain, doctor refuse to give me any pain killer - before surgery, they left me in hallway and told me had to wait for doctor - they have completely ignored my pain, my voice, and had showed no compassion during my stay in the emergency room - did not see any doctor, to even talk to during my stay in emergency room, accept peaking through curtain the worse nightmare I have ever went though, malpractice is what it is called
Sent to ED as a precaution from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX after passing out from anxiety
Serve better food!
Service was excellent thank you.
Service was excellent very well treated & was surprised I got taken of so fast even the food was much better than before
Shampoo should not be supplied by nurses or hospital staff.  I donated $80.00 not much but wish I could pay all shampoo.
Shared washroom seemed never to be cleaned, urine on floor, feces inside and and outside toilette for days
She is XX years old  Admitted for dementia  *Family not made aware of discharge date/time*  12 hours sitting in emerg. waiting a plan
Short of doctors in emerg. at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX some tests should be taken before you are released - to hard to get test done after XX
Short staff
Shorter time in emergency department
Shorter wait time for service. Not have to wait so long to get bed on the floor.
Shorter wait times
Shorter waiting time.
Shortest visit to date. Dr. was excellent giving you her name - Dr. XXXXX - very professional, good listener, caring & understanding dr. The care was very good. No complaints.
Should be fully staffed 24/7.  Should not have endured angina pain for twenty hours prior to treatment.  (XXX noon - XXXXXX noon).
Should be more public washrooms on each floor  Sun rooms so recovering patients can get out of their rooms with their guests or alone
Should change bed sheets more often
Should have a number system to avoid having people in pain having to stand in line waiting to be registered.  Should not have a line of people obstructing flow of patients being called in.
Should have beds available for patients if one is in the emerg. dept. one usually requires a bed.  Sitting for hours in the emerg. waiting room outside to emerg room or a waiting room inside emerg when you are ill, weak, sick is not satisfactory.
Should not have to stay in hallway waiting for a bed
Should of been given x-ray
Since I am from out of town and was camping about 45 min away my overall experience was quite good  Thank you
Since my last stay.  Services have been some but improved effort are being made at reducing costs.  high capacity levels reducing comfort.  (Stayed in XXX overnight)
Sincerely happy with all staff members.  Courteous and professional
Sleeping in a hospital is a very challenging process.  There are people talking and walking all night long along with them waxing you up every 2 hours for tests  Also had a dog barking in hallway one night.
Slow & not efficient too much wait time for care to be administered stuck in a 'closet' for over 10 hours, cold & frustrated
Some answers are usually but probably could answer always  -  After bowel surgery I just wanted to rest and be left alone so I would tell anyone who asked that I understood everything so they would leave me alone
Some inconsistencies with nursing care - IV pumps that are alarming need to be attended to immediately.  Patients beds are left and not even changed or straightened.  Some inconsistencies with meds - on one occasion in the past two blood pressure medications were given together instead of one in a.m. and one in p.m. and my husband's blood pressure was very low and he wasn't feeling well.  Cleaning staff needs refresher course on how to prevent cross contamination between patients.  My husband contacted C difficile when at hospital.
Some longer waits were for tests.
Some nurse were ignorant and left me full of feces till morning  Said because I'm just going to do it again.  Could barely ask for get it yourself down the hall to weak to make it back to room  Told I make it back on your own
Some nurses are not so good and some are not very sensitive to old peoples feelings. But the majority of nurses were excellent
Some nurses need to be more gentle with internal exams during labour  I was pressured by one nurse who wanted to break my water, even after I said no, knowing that my c-section was booked to start in 30 minutes, while I was trying to stay calm and manage my contractions of a dysfunctional labour
Some nurses were excellent & caring but some other nurses were cold & rude.  Doctor specifically asked the nurse to remove IV & monitors but they ignored his request (near the 3rd day).
Some nurses were very helpful others did not come check in at all  I left the hospital feeling very overwhelmed as not much teaching was done in regards to breast feeding "you'll figure it out."  Not very impressed with the lack of teaching
Some nursing staff are very helpful  Others need an upgrade on patient care and bedside manners
Some of my meals were changed without my consent, caused me to get very weak until family doctor changed them back.
Some of the doctors did not understand my unusual condition - intestinal xxxxx.
Some of the food was lacking in nutrition (cheese slices)  Chicken so dry you need to (unreadable) it for a month to make it palatable tuna sandwich tasted of the can oatmeal was good eggs were good the nurses were excellent if you cut back on them you will not get any favorable comments.
Some of the questions were difficult to answer as the majority of my stay I was in a hallway, therefore thee questions related to room cleanliness and comfort cannot be answered.  There is only one hospital in the community so the questions about choice of facility are not relevant, there is no choice. My stay involved a number of tests to determine why I was experiencing the symptoms I  had, on discharge we were still awaiting results so answers regarding discharge and understanding of tx are hard to answer.
Some PSWs could be a little friendlier care was quite rude on my last morning there, they seemed to look down on me
Some staff member needed to have more heart when they have sick patient that are scared!  Sorry to say your food sucks
Someone took $280.00 from my pants + I never got it back!  I received some meds that were only good for 30 days?  I felt that the nurses + doctors don't really know much about anxiety disorder!
Something needs to be done about the food.  I was on liquids only and the broth was horrible  There has to be a better solution.  Would the CEO and executives eat this stuff?  I don't think so!
Sometimes nurses would forget to bring what you asked for like a clean pad when yours was full of pooh, from a relapse bowel prolapse
Sorry sent form back late
Special mention to two nurses in short stay unit  XXXXXX & XXXXXXXXX were awesome.  Both were very attentive & caring.  Their caregiving was very much appreciated  They serve their profession well XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Special thanks to Dr XXXXXXXXX, he is obviously very skilled and has great bedside manner.
Special thanks to Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXXX and Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXXX and nurses XXXXXXX and XXXXXX on the 7th floor.
Spend to much time waiting in emergency dept. to see a doctor!
Spent the night in nurse's lounge/locker area (behind nursing station).  Good thing nurse gave me ear plugs.  The morning shift change was very loud and nursing station was also loud (nurse calling alarms)
Staff (nursing + doctors) exceptional  My love to all  Thank you so much
Staff in ER very rude and not helpful.
Staff in ICU were amazing  Drs. XXXXXX and surgeon Dr. XXXXX were very professional + made me feel quite comfortable about my surgeyr
Staff in the hospital were very polite and courteous.
Staff storage??  Why  Bed shortage???  Why why does it take 6 - 8 hours to see a doctor in emergency dept.  I can go on - XXXXXXXXXX
Staff told me to elevate my leg and foot but I did not do this during my hospital stay
Staff very courteous and polite  Staff (nurses, doctors) were very fast when I needed them  Thank you again
Staff very friendly + professional  Well looked after
Staff very friendly, jokingly + happy.
Staff very patient caring and cheerful
Staff was excellent + caring but not enough staff to attend to all patients as ER was extremely busy.
Staff was excellent no room was made available until 12 hours after surgery.  I spent 12 hours in the most uncomfortable surgical bed!
Staff was fantastic
Staff was friendly  Food need improvement.  They should try have more things for people whom are allergic to dairy products & beef
Staff was wonderful.  It was a best experience this time.
Staff were all very kind  Surgeon was thoughtful to my family
Staff were awesome
Staff were awesome
Staff were involved and caring, answered most questions I had.  Very good and professional staff.
Staff were overworked.  Sometimes I was coughing  Couldn't breathe and pushed the button and they took up to 20 minutes to come.  Staff was awesome but couldn't help too much
Staff were very helpful and informative to me about my fear of stroke recovery & the likelihood of experiencing a further event.
Staff were very professional + personal
Staff were very thorough
Staffing levels - understaffed I could not get assistance going to washroom one night + had trouble using the urinal + urinated in bed this could have been avoided!
Stay in the hospital was excellent
Stay should have been a little longer - not pushed out the door hence two weeks later I became septic!  I almost died.
Stay was very acceptable, my biggest issue was waiting 2 weeks to actually get a bed/transferred from another hospital.  I had to wait 2 weeks to get a bed so I could have my surgery very scary!
Stayed in emerg. dept 3 nights on a gurney with no private bathroom or shower.  Last night there I got a hospital bed.  Released next day.
Stayed overnight in the SSU and in was noisy all night
Staying on a gurney for 2 days in emergency was physically painful
Still haven't received appt. for nutritionist!!
Supplies not available ordered special bedsore mattress when admitted. Stayed over a week and still no mattress upon discharge no wound dressing available, we had to go out and buy our own. CAT scan appt for 7pm admitted to hospital that day then went to appt and because we were now inpatient CT scan (unreadable) food is horrible.
Surgeon, arrived the morning after my surgery, floor was very busy nurses taking blood pressure, breakfast was arriving , so I got a wave and thumbs up while he was at another patient's bedside, saying I'll see you later on today at 2 pm, I was dismissed at noon, Surgeon showed up before I left and was happy to I was walking with a walker but insisted I go out in a wheel chair .  He was busy but pleased with my recovery .
Surgery early AM - No eyeglasses delivered to room until hours later.  Kept asking - delivery usually in evening they said I had little sight all day.  This is almost abuse.  I was extremely agitated + upset.  Warn patients about this  This is certainly unacceptable and should be looked into.
Surgery on XXX - knee replacement - in a room by 4pm was checked on all day XXXX - very ambulatory & independent - is discharged XXX morn - all good - XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Surgery XXXXXXXXXXXXX  Thank you front line workers  Stay Safe Healthy, Happy  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Survey too long
Taking me off all my medication without knowing what is wrong and having my doctor, Dr. XXXXXXXX, not relaying information to the nurses or myself about what is happening needs to be greatly improved
Test are done early in am  Breakfast is cold, unable to enjoy when back to room, and forget me is long for the porters to return to our room,  maybe very small late breakfast only would be very appreciated to patients RNs are excellent and very busy.
Tests information not disclosed no reason given for tests  Food awful
Thank all the doctors and nurses & support staff
Thank goodness you have Tim Horton's
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you  Compassionate caregivers of XXX
Thank you  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Thank you  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Thank you for all good nurses except for the last night that I was there.  Nurses were not as good as the others before.  Need (unreadable) and need to have consideration.  Thank you.
Thank you for all the care  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX  stay safe
Thank you for everything you do!
Thank you for everything!
Thank you for good care!
Thank you for looking after me  Hope I do not have to return.
Thank you for making enjoyable. Thank you for the friendly staff.  Keep up the good work!
Thank you for taking such good care of my son.  We went to emerg. for a broken leg  did not wait long.  Everything was explained to us  Follow up care was next day.
Thank you for taking time  XXXX
Thank you for the care I received
Thank you for the great care hats off to all the doctors, nurses, PSW, housekeeping.
Thank you for the great service.
Thank you for the support and care that I received
Thank you for your services!  It is always nice to see smiles on people's faces!!
Thank you to ALL of you.  I pray god blesses you  He loves you and made you for a purpose.  Jesus is especially fond of you!
Thank you to all personnel + staff from the admitting clerk triage nurse and staff who attended to XXXX when he lost consciousness in waiting room + all who cared for him after the episode  Staff and personnel work long hours in stressful conditions but have always been SMILING courteous helpful and professional  XXXXXXX is fortunate to have these caring workers at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Thank you to all staff for the great care I received.
Thank you to everybody.
Thank you to nursing care.
Thank you to the doctors and staff for your care and understanding during my stay  Be safe.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, you are #1 I would rather drive all the way to XXXXXXX then go back to XXXXXXXX.
Thank you.
Thank you.  It was a good experience.  I was in good hands.
Thankful for the doctors & nurses that took great care of me  Thank you  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Thanks  XXXX
Thanks Dr XXXXXXX and staff XXXXXXXXXXXX  - The only concern was the triage nurse and reception who were not at their desks and talked socially among themselves while pt waited
Thanks for care + good service
Thanks to everyone!
Thanks to staff on 8th floor
Thanks to the doctors and staff for the excellent care I received at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  Your staff saved my life; aortic valve, pacemaker, and kidney stone blasting.  This was my first hospital stay ever, the best people in the world  Thank you all.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Thanks to the nurses for all the hard work they do!
Thanks to the staff in understanding my addictions and getting the help I needed.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Thank-you for night time and holiday service by all hospital staff
That the bed was uncomfortable.
The "overflow" room, off the ER depressing - it's dark, noisy & laying on a stretcher for days is horrible when you already have painful back condition  I requested a social worker or psychiatrist to speak to - no one showed up once on the 5th floor - I was moved many, many times  Some of my property was misplaced or lost  I had to share a bathroom with up to 6 patients  The bathroom was sometimes filthy  With every hospital, matters just get worse
The 1 day stay in emergency were hard.
The 3rd year student nurse who was in my room did an excellent job!
The 4th floor orthopedic nursing staff are extremely hard workers and are running for their entire shift (there was only 1 xxxxx nurse who really didn't pull xxxxx weight in my opinion)  They were all so very kind and compassionate!
The 8th floor health team & doctors nurses and staff are incredible special thanks to all of them.
The admission needs to get a procedure in place to accommodate people that wear glasses for vision.  My glasses were misplaced causing confusion and disabilities to read or see time.  They were found 3 days after I was discharged.
The ambulance driver took really good care of me.
The ambulance men & women were extraordinary  The "student nurses" were not  They should not go en masse for a break while a patient has an IV ready for change  Again kudos to the ambulance
The ambulance responders were extremely caring and professional.  I would like to thank them from the bottom of my heart!
The ambulance, medics were polite + competent.  I did not have a serious problem.  I am satisfied with the help + care received  Thank you
The amount of walking I had to do was excessive - I was in the emergency department for a walking/standing/sitting issue dealing with my left foot.
The anesthetist did not explain what he was going to do, but I knew that & had a very good anesthetic.  Surgeon did not visit after surgery but I was just glad he could do it
The bathroom did not flush and no one fixed it all the time I was there.
The bathroom was very dirty
The bed linen was stained even when they were changed - Made me very uncomfortable sleeping in the bed.
The beds are awful - too firm  Like sleeping on cement!
The best healthcare of all  Thanks  XX
The best hospital and care in the world  XXXXXXXXX
The best of mobility
The best visit!  Got the information I needed about source of pain, what to do and who to see along with a website for exercises to help  Dr. XXXXXXXX was awesome
The cardiologist Dr XXXX who was I guess the ER doctor on XXXXXXXXX and if ever I have to go back & he is on duty I will refuse his care, he is an intimidating doctor lacks total respect in patients and is ignorant of the basic help his patients need.  No questions are allowed, we have to listen & not speak!!
The cardiologist that performed my two stents barely spoke to me  Had me sign a form that I knew nothing about and then I was wheeled in for angioplasty  Nothing was said to me  What damage to the heart if any, what kind of stents, how much blockage.  Nothing!  I felt like a piece of equipment being practiced on!  I was passed on to a cardiologist that was fairly new, this was performed on a XXXXXX afternoon at 4 PM  Rushed?  Maybe, I don't know, however there was zero communication from him or my other cardiologist this is my heart not a toy!  Follow up?  I had to book an appointment that is for 6 weeks following procedure  I couldn't get an appointment until 3 months after!  Unacceptable!
The care and communication received during my recent stay was overall outstanding. I wish the communication and service from the hospital in XXXXXXXXX was the same.  Unfortunately it is not.   Great job, thank you.
The care at the hospital was fair, I was treated kindly by some and horrifically by others. The condition was worsened by the doctor at the emergency and I had to receive a lot of care from other hospitals because of the mistake the doctor made.
The care from the nurses and my doctor.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX was excellent  Made the experience very comfortable for me  No complaints at all  Thank you!
The care I received from Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX, nurses & staff at the hospital was tremendous  Thank you!!  Yours truly XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The care I received was excellent & the diagnosis correct I followed up with my family MD who confirmed both the treatment & diagnosis
The care I received was great.  The only concern or complaint was with the dietary dept I was not able to receive the meals I selected, even though the meals were approved by the dietician
The care I was given by everyone was excellent  I was treated to a procedure upon arriving by helicopter  The procedure was performed immediately and I was given a bed promptly  I thank all the staff for their care!
The care is excellent.  Service is polite.  Waiting time is to be expected.  I had an unpleasant exchange with one xxxxx nurse and had to get the doctor to explain to xxxxx that I was not capable of doing what xxxxx asked.  The doctor was quite upset and ordered xxxxx to leave me in the wheel chair.  Over many visits over the years that was the only bad experience.
The care is good the waiting time is frustrating
The care provided at the hospital was excellent.  I can't thank the drs & nurses enough for their skill & compassion  Thanks. XXXXXXXXXXXX
The care provided during my hospital stay was excellent  My only disappointment was that no ice water or any beverage or snack was offered  It was provided by family members
The care provided to me during my stay was excellent!  The nurses, doctors, PSWs and even cleaners + food service personnel were always kind, efficient + friendly  Only one negative: the food was awful!
The care through all my stay from admission to the OR best anesthetist, best surgeon for the surgery I had.  No complaint at all through all my stay.  Nurses on 4th floor were super and caring.
The care was excellent but the physical plant crowded rooms significantly, detract from the hospital experience
The care was exceptional.  ER - night + day nurse 'wonderful' XXXXXXXX + XX ER doctor 'wonderful' admitted to 6th floor - 'wonderful' Dr. XXXXX amazing!!  Everyone was caring + attentive.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The care was good but the food was terrible  Hospital not clean
The care was very excellent.  The food not good  No taste & cold.
The care was very good, but the surroundings were not - in need of repairs & replacements.  Too crowded in interior waiting area, no privacy there when vitals taken or meds given.
The cleanliness of the department needs to be looked at.  Also, a little bit of compassion when a person is ill goes a long way.  Thank you
The cold air in my room ceiling was too much.  I froze all the time I was there cause it blew right on me.
The colonoscopy was extremely painful and I asked for anesthetic but was not given anyway
The cooler temperature in the room exacerbated my shoulder pain making it very difficult to sleep.
The daytime nursing staff were 10/10 I had issues with my night time experience I felt like I wasn't important enough to say 'hello' as they came on shift or answer my call bell.  Both nights were equally unpleasant for different reasons.  I used kleenex rolls up + stuck in my ears on the 2nd night, I slept.  Ear plugs might be nice!
The department was extremely busy at the time of my visit but they took me into the unit anyway as I was having extreme pain at the time - It settled somewhat afterwards.
The department was very quiet  Why did we wait more than 3 hrs for care?  We were told "wait for shift change, a doc will see you then"  Shabby care!!
The discharge was more efficient with this surgery.  Had knee replacement 5 years ago & had to wait for the dr to discharge.  This time the xxxxx was in charge & efficient
The doctor & nurses were A one to me also everyone else.  XXXXXXXXXXX  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXX XXXXXX
The doctor & staff were wonderful people
The doctor (Dr. XXX) was very helpful + professional to explain everything + did a good job.
The doctor did a procedure that needed to be done which was appropriate for the situation
The doctor I had was pleasant, introduced himself & was friendly & compassionate.
The doctor I saw was not very nice.  The clinic doctor insisted I go in to get rehydrated, the doctor at the hospital refused + sent me home where I remained being sick for 3 more days of nothing.  My own doctor said my potassium levels were dangerously low.
The doctor in the ER got me in to see a dermatologist the same day.  The same dr. called the house 4 days later with the results of the blood test & sent in the prescription order to my pharmacy that same day for pick up  Very thankful
The doctor misdiagnosed me he said I had an infection and prescribed me Keflex where as I actually had shingles.  Good thing I went for a second opinion the next day at the clinic. The doctor there took a swab and it came back positive very disappointed with my visit to hospital
The doctor treating me pulled my drivers license now I can't make a living and I am not a drug addict.
The doctor was caring and thorough, I felt like my issue was understood and completely addressed. The nurse doing my dressing was great but couldn't give me any supplies to take home as they were short themselves.
The doctor was excellent  No much much for the nurse floor
The doctor was indifferent.  He prescribed meds without asking of pre-existing conditions.  I have leukemia, Crohn's, and sleep apnea.  My pharmacist told me the meds that were prescribed could worsen Crohn's condition, and suggested I only take them twice instead of 3/day.
The doctors & nurses were great including the triage nurse  It was extremely busy and the wait was very long  Everyone was rushing and doing their best.  I do not go to emergency dept if I can avoid it & see my own dr.  The first visit resulted in being admitted so it was unavoidable  The second visit was because treatment did not seem to be working and my doctor was unavailable & I was in pain
The doctors and nurses in the emergency room and cardiologist on call on XXXXXXXXXXX were fantastic  They were very thorough & quickly identified the problem a a heart problem  Nurses on the 8th floor monitoring the room I stayed in before angiogram were also wonderful; very pleasant & hard-working  Thank you also to Dr. XXX.
The doctors and nurses were very friendly and polite and make my stay a pleasant one.
The doctor's questions were not clear + he did not allow me time to answer him.
The doctors should not pick and choose who they deal with first.  I waited over 4 hours while the did that.  I came in an ambulance due to a bad fall.  I never found out if my nose was broken.   I was the last patient to be dealt with while other patients complained that I was making them sick.  I was covered in blood was still bleeding a lot.  I had to keep looking for things to stop the bleeding.  I wasn't told what to take for pain and felt like I was bothering the doctor who was rude.  I think this doctor needs to learn a few bedside manner and all nurses included should learn respect for their patients.  No pick and choice who the doctors see first.
The doctors, nurses and staff were fantastic.
The dr & nurses were very efficient in what they do  Friendly & courteous
The dr went above and beyond for me by performing an ultrasound on the spot for me.  Thank you XXX!
The dr. was called away to an emergency (understandably) but that left me pacing for 4 hrs waiting to be diagnosed with pancreatitis.  I was given no pain relief meds.  More drs and more nurses drastically needed!!!
The drs & staff are overworked.  I see no need for further cuts to nursing staff.  PS  Coffee is deplorable!
The emerg doctor was fantastic, but he would not really listen to the recent diagnosis and treatment that my specialist had given me. He kept insisting I didn't need that and to do something different. I appreciate his input and why, but I continued to follow my specialist's instructions. I am glad I did. Listening to the patient is crucial. Thank you
The emergency department needs improvement.  The wait time is extremely too long, not enough beds.  Was looked at left in the hallway for several hours, and no beds upstairs.  Stayed overnight in ER room.  With curtains too much noise.  Could not sleep.
The emergency department seemed very congested patients were waiting for care and no one attending them in hallways +++
The emergency room needs more staff and help, I was in so much pain and no one would help me!  Once you get it, and they know what's going on with you ... it gets much better!
The emergency room was extremely busy and communication between the doctor and nurse was slow. For example, the nurse was ready to discharge me when I told her that the doctor had been to see me about a half-hour before and said he was sending me for another test. She had to find the doctor to confirm and then needed to order the test, which took another 30 minutes. Then, it took at least an hour after the test was completed for the doctor to return and advise me that everything was good. I waited 45 minutes before I was able to flag down my nurse and have her remove my IV so I could leave. I want to emphasize that the doctor and nurse were exceptional, very professional and doing their best to care for me while dealing with the volume of patients in the ER.
The emergency rooms were full & had some test done in the hall way that could have been done in a more private area.  The first 3 hours were spent in the hallway in front of a desk.
The emergency staff was excellent for my family and husband.  However, in this difficult time it would have been a comfort for him and us if he had had a room assigned to him when he passed away rather than a cubicle separating us from other emerg patients.
The emergency unit was long & withdrawn waiting hours were long & very uncomfortable mostly watching in chairs whilst very sick
The entire staff that I had to deal with, was absolutely great.  Great hospital.  XXX
The entire staff was busy non-stop from registration to xray  Dr. XXXX was exceptional and thorough and did his best  Everyone apologized for the lengthy wait times
The ER doctors need to listen to the patient - and not be in a rush to send someone home.  I was rushed by ambulance 2 days in a row because they would not listen to me (I was right) which resulted in worsening conditions.
The ER dr. was excellent in explaining everything she was (unreadable) & why made me feel more at ease.
The ER sent us home with our XXXXXX old infant who was dehydrated and had low O2 the next day we were admitted to the pediatric floor, where she needed an IV and oxygen  We spent 2 nights  I was not happy at all with my ER doctor for sending us home with no care  She also has an underlying condition called an xxxxx which he did not consider  I had to personally call my pediatrician to get medical help because the ER sent us away
The ER staff - physicians, nursing staff provide very good care in very difficult conditions - too many patients + not enough room.  The staff on the unit were very kind + attentive + thankfully I was there for less than 72 hrs.
The ER was at max capacity yet given the nature of my issue care was provided quickly  Job well done!
The experience is not black and white awkward to answer I was in the hospital one night
The finance office did not want to accept the fact that I had (unreadable) insurance to pay for the needed stay.  XXXXX did not check my file even after all necessary details were given no reason for delay of payment from XXXXXXXXXXXX
The first night nurse (XXXX) I had after surgery did not make me feel good.  She made me feel like she didn't want to take care of me like I was a burden.  But all the other nurses - PSW went over & above to make me feel like I was very well taken care of. The food was not very good.
The first thing that mentioned upon leaving the hospital is that we in XXXXXXX should be proud of that facility.
The floor need to be scrub. Having to choose the sandwich you want to eat at noon.
The follow - up required seems to be very slow considering this was a TIA!
The follow up care after discharge has been amazing.  Was happy to be in good hands in XXXXXXX as the staff at XXXXXXXXXX were NOT trained in how to care for chest tubes & did NOT give accurate information to air ambulance.
The food - terrible food, too cold, I lived on oatmeal porridge, soup (unreadable) & only the vegetable at dinner time - meat could not ever be eat, let alone chewed.  The food could not be worse -
The food - there should be options, I am a picky eater and there was no other choices on the menu, so I didn't eat a couple of times.
The food  They never brought you what you ordered
The food (quality and quantity) was really bad
The food could be better!
The food could be more tasteful, I know the food is made up by a dietician, maybe you should have them also eat some of the food
The food could be much better
The food has to change it it's cold and the same thing every day  One time the food was very good  Maybe they should put the president to eat the food
The food has very much improved.
The food is horrible  Elevator full of people bringing in food for friends + family
The food is horrible!  We should have option to bring our pillows.  Night time is very busy therefore very loud.
The food is horrible.  Lacking in personal supplies due to Covid  Family couldn't drop stuff off.
The food is lousy!
The food is no good  Translated from French - The food is not good I lost 11 pounds in 2 weeks.
The food is not good.
The food is not that good.
The food is not very good - toast rubbery. Doctors nurses - staff are all helpful and polite and caring. Not the food.
The food is not very good as far as taste is concerned - it tastes flat.
The food is not very good.  It needs help.
The food is not, suppers specifically, good.
The food is really ok  Contrary to what is said
The food is terrible
The food is terrible
The food is terrible
The food is terrible  Cold soup, cold toast, meat (?) could not tell what it was.  Did not eat any hospital food for the days I was in  Linen was dirty.  Blood stains (not from me) on sheets  Smelled terrible  The nurses were run off their feet.
The food is terrible  Especially on the cardiac floor!
The food is terrible  Noise + lights made it difficult to sleep
The food is terrible even the toast was soggy  The cleaning staff needs to understand more about cross contamination  The nurses were very helpful and nice
The food is terrible from a scale of 1 to 10 it's -11  The nurses at the emerg are fantastic
The food is terrible! A "salad" consists of stale iceberg lettuce, a few carrot sticks + a piece of cabbage. No nutrition in that! The entrees were usually awful - dried out pieces of meat and overcooked vegetables!
The food is terrible, awful.  I would like to see a panel of all the top people sit down and taste everything on the menu.  I can't get over it.  No respect for the ill especially for the ones that have a long stay whoever thought of having the food shipped in can't get over it.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The food served at the hospital should be more plant based nutrition would be good for all patients.  More education on nutrition should be given prior to discharging ex. take home materials
The food served here is very poor.  Not much of a selection and often was tasteless.  Most time it was cold before it was served in the room.
The food served in the room was tasteless.  But the cafeteria food was good.
The food served was definitely lacking in vegetables necessary for a healthy level of nutrients and fibre.
The food service could have been better.
The food sucked - requires great improvement
The food sucks!!
The food they serve is not fit for a dog
The food was absolutely terrible and no consideration was given to the type of food a patient should eat in conjunction to their medical condition.
The food was absolutely terrible.  For example - breakfast under the covered plate was one piece of toast??  On the side was a bowl of cereal.
The food was awful!
The food was awful.  I did not eat at all.  I cannot believe that there was no ice, because ice machine not working 2 months.  People need ice on that floor.  4th floor.
The food was awful.  Soup - cold.  Hot food - was cold.
The food was disgusting.
The food was DISGUSTING.  Was in hospital 6 days & had 3 chicken salad sandwiches; same chicken soup almost daily which kept getting worse & worse.  Last day had 1 noodle & gummy broth.  Kept bring oatmeal & 1 piece of toast every morning.  Do not eat oatmeal ... no one ever questioned or given opportunity to give preference.  So every morning only ate 1 piece of toast.  Upon discharge was left on my own without assistance to get out of hospital.  Thankfully staff member on main floor realized I needed help & retrieved assistance & wheelchair.  Should be noted I was in the Cardiac floor ... Not very safe at all.
The food was excellent.  People and staff very nice.  Get rid of the hosp. brand and CAD med.  $ would be saved .. hire real management  Signed XXXXXXX.
The food was horrible
The food was horrible
The food was horrible never ate while I was there.
The food was horrible.
The food was not good
The food was not good could not eat what was given to me.
The food was not the best, everything else was.  I want to thank everyone that helped me  Thank you
The food was not very palatable, especially when you have a poor appetite.  A lot of main courses were spicy & unable to eat it
The food was okay however the toast was terrible and they should use real coffee when making coffee
The food was terrible
The food was terrible  No interest in putting extras butter, pepper & etc  They were cold  No good coffee  All inst & decaf  I went in for pain in my back.  Came home with no help
The food was terrible  The staff is the best
The food was terrible & cold.  For being a diabetic the food was very high in carbs.
The food was terrible and I ended up going for an MRI!  My nurse and I were left behind and had to wait in emerge.  We were never given any food, which was sad!
The food was terrible especially breakfast  Not enough good for a grown man
The food was terrible.  8th floor cardiac unit is a joke.  They let a man die and I heard his buzzer going for at least 10-15 minutes at 2:00 am.  The service was terrible - I begged my doctor not to send me there.
The food was terrible.  Wanted tea for breakfast but always got coffee.  No (unreadable) to choose from.  Roast beef so tough, could not cut it.  Did without.  Asked nurse to order orange juice but was getting apple juice
The food was the worst I have ever eaten in my life.  Not sure how people heal without good food.
The food was very bad it was dry and very tasteless.  I know it was the cardiac unit but the food should be moist and have some seasoning like pepper orn Mrs. Dash).  They should ask the person what they like to eat and drink.
The food was very bland and often no salt or pepper.  Food was cold or barely warm.  Coffee cold.  No often were given choices.  Need to have an area on each floor where you could go and sit to get out of room  Often no chairs available.
THE FOOD WAS VERY POOR YOU ALWAYS GET A WET TOAST.  THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO CONTROL OVER ROOM TEMPERATURE YOU FREEZE SO MUCH THAT YOU HAVE TO LEAVE THE ROOM TO WARM UP OR TO COOL DOWN.
The food was very unappetizing.  The rest of my stay + care were very good to excellent.
The food wasn't that great (very bland).  I was never given choices of meals.  The staff told me they would give me options for dinner but I was never asked.
The food, the food workers are the worst.  The waste of money spent on food that is not edible is a terrible shame
The food.  It's terrible.  I only ate my breakfast + my family would bring me food.  Meat was like hockey pucks terrible.  No one could get better on such food. Terrible.  Health offices should check the menu.  Thanks XXX
The foods is really gross
The front entrance at the emergency department staff are on the ball. After you get through that and it doesn't take long, I find there is just to much time waiting.  My guess is,  they are under staffed.  A lot of people standing around talking and on the phone.  Another doctor and another nurse on the floor would make a big difference in my opinion.  Too many people waiting to see one doctor.  Other than that, XXX in XXXXXXX does a fantastic job.  In my opinion.
The head nurses of every new shift were amazing.  One of the student nurses was afraid of getting dirty (I mentioned it to the head nurse who said she spoke to the appropriate people  One nurse was tough and I appreciate that - it helped me to get out of the bed on my own after the surgery.
The health care team knew I had a possible hip fracture yet I was placed in a very uncomfortable wheelchair for hours before my injury was confirmed.  (3 1/2 - 4 hours of waiting)
The health care was excellent but they were very busy  Need more help
The heaters are turned off at 9 pm & on at 7 am, but the air conditioner are left on all night & day, I almost froze to death in the winter time at night
The hospital and staff were courteous, professional and helpful  We should be grateful as a community to have such a great essential service.  Improvements should be welcomed but the existing sense is something to be proud of.
The hospital and staff were great  However there was an ambiguous diagnosis of what was wrong with my heart  I have no idea if I have a heart issue or not.  There has been no follow up to date (unreadable) XXXX and I spent 9 days at the hospital with no answers.
The hospital cleaning staff is excellent, some of the nurses are more attentive & dedicated to patient needs and you feel more cared for when they are working
The hospital doctors, nurses and staff were amazing.  The only thing I could complain about was the food.  Terrible!
The hospital food from 0-10 being the worst #6
The hospital food is absolutely horrendous.  Food was always warm/not hot.  The quality of the food is substandard!  Mac and cheese is not supper  A complete review of your food service needs to be implemented!!!
The hospital food is terrible beyond belief.  Lost 14 lbs in 2 weeks due the food being horrible.  I would not feed it to a dog.  Unfortunately I was not able to order or someone bring me food due to Covid 19.  My 3 roommates were not able to eat the food either.
The hospital food was terrible on a scale of 1-10 I would give it on 2 or 3 at best
The hospital is so well organized  Ask volunteers or anyone else for directions were all very pleasant (family members) all staff were very very nice
The hospital should provide better meals!
The hospital staff are very nice and helpful.  Sorry, the food serve is edible, but not appetizing to eat.  My room is comfortable & quiet.
The hospital staff was very informative  - The hospital I found dirty - Need to ask to clean room
The hospital staff were very courteous  I enjoyed every aspect of delivering my baby at your facility  It made the whole process less stressful especially b/c we traveled a few hours to deliver at your facility.  Great job & thank you!
The hospital staff were very friendly.  Doctors, nurses, x-ray technicians, housekeeping, doctors I felt very safe.
The hospital ward was disgusting dirty dirty bathroom was filthy blood on floor & door for 3 days.  Floors were never washed after vomiting patients + urine on the floors  Disgusting Nurses never assisted with food trays
The hospital XXX was super clean & efficient  There are angels in heaven  However we certainly have the best here at XXX.  All staff included  X
The ICU department was excellent but the ward I went to after was mad.
The kitchen and food meal services were courteous and listened about food choices - very professional  Cleaning staff the same
The labour and delivery unit was short or out of many supplies.  I was only asked what I wanted to eat once out of the 3 meals I had there.  Would have been nice to have the option.
The last night of my stay I was moved into the shower room.  Some of my nurses were amazing!!  Others shouldn't be dealing with the public at all.
The last visit I had to the Emergency was the most scary time of my life and I was treated very bad and sent home after the worst asthma attack I ever had, I am still traumatized and still sick, + thought I was going to die  I had 15 people stop on the street after I had fallen to the ground. I could not breathe and was waving down traffic with my coat no one would stop. I had to breathe with my tongue hanging out of my mouth and I was making weird sound finally someone came out from a house and called 911 then traffic stopped and gathered around me. Thought I was going to die  I went to hospital got my sats back up from 76% to 98% and was sent home 4 hr after that dr is always rude and cold to me. Other times I stay for a week
The lobby area was disgusting. I realize that it was 6 am on a XXXXXX morning, but to see a number of puke buckets laying around and dirty tissues spread everywhere was very disturbing. For a health care facility, the uncleanliness of that area made me feel very uncomfortable and, if not for past experiences with the great health care staff, I would have left.
The lunches were very unappetizing (eg. mayonnaise on white bread with either a bit of chicken or tuna - could not tell) leading to lots of food waste.  Also there is no allied health (eg. PT/OT) on the weekend which prolonged my stay.
The mattresses need changing big time there so thin, it makes an uncomfortable night.
The meals are horrible  You can't get better if you don't want to eat the food provided
The meals need a variety  Not same thing for lunch.  Example: Not everyone likes tuna fish sandwiches.  I think had soup every day while in hospital  Meals need to be different.  Breakfast, lunch & dinner.  And have variety & choices.
The meals were much better than af ew years ago with more variety.
The meals were NOT helpful to help me heal.  Need more fruits and vegetables.
The medical care I received was excellent. Whoever the cleaners of the hospital was very poor.
The medical professionalism in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were ultra-impressed with the work of Dr. XXXXXXXX  I'm still in recoup. so my feelings are still somewhat personal + selfish
The medical service was excellent
The medicine lodge provided my medicines like drinking cedar tea.
The money spent on this survey should go into patient care. A random sample would be efficient opposed to sending out multiple copies of a long survey to each patient.
The nature of my injury required me to keep my knee straight and I wasn't walking.  There were no wheelchairs that allowed a leg to be supported out straight, making navigating the triage & waiting very uncomfortable & difficult.
The next day I went back to hospital because my doctor forgot prescription to give me, so next day went to emerg and my daughter was not able to go it because of covid  This is not right because I needed her to understand what doctor say  I am XX years old and need my daughter support no matter what
The night before I was discharged all of my pain medications had been stopped. I had very sore legs overnight from a side effect from one of the pills that I had been prescribed while in the hospital. I requested Tylenol to help with the pain, however since it was not on my chart anymore they could not give me anything. I was told that I would be able to get some Tylenol from the gift shop when it opened in the morning.  I understand that not much can be done when the doctors have gone home for the night, but I had a very restless night because of the pain.   Also (on the cardiac floor) I had a flashlight shone in my face every hour or so throughout the night in my bed. I am a light sleeper and I found this very jarring and upsetting. I am not sure whether patients can opt out of having this happen before the night begins, or whether the staff could shine the light on a different part of the body.
The nurse I had (XXXXX something) was amazing!  This experience was extremely positive because of her and my birthing team
The nurse in the emergency care unit was supposed to change a dressing on my arm and did not was to busy talking to other nurse about non work discussion and the surgeon had to clean wound and dress it, the nurse was asked by my wife who was to clean & dress my elbow wound, and she replied "me" & did nothing  And the person who brings a patient up to surgery should know to some extent what a patient is in the ER for because with my experience the one who came to get me I told her I had to pee and she dropped the bed rail & told me to go to the washroom & I had a broken hip ... I got frustrated
The nurse was extremely rude. I was in so much pain and was having difficulty breathing and the nurse did not give me pain meds because 'I could not keep them down'. Other patients sat with me to help me breathe as the nurse was too busy or didn't care.
The nurse were superb PSW's also the food sucks!!
The nurse who prepared me to see the physician was very supportive compassionate + helpful.  The physicians manner was compassionate and supportive as well I was relieved to get help for my health problem.
The nurse XXXXX in the ICU was absolutely amazing.  I received excellent care from Dr. XXXX the xxxxx and Dr. XXXXXXXX in the ER.  Great doctors!  My only complaint, I wish there would be more private rooms available.
The nurse xxxxx treated me with no respect.  I hope I never have to return to the Emergency Dept  XXXXXXXXXXX  After a car accident to leave the hospital with fairly severe physical impairment is just not right!
The nurses & doctors are a fantastic in the emergency  Working in such a chaotic area they are to be commended for the care & work they do under so much stress  Thank you
The nurses & PSWs were absolutely great & caring.  The operating doctors come daily to check-up & make a few suggestions to speed recuperation.  All questions were answered.
The nurses + staff were always very friendly + alert to our requests + needs.  I would have preferred to have my dressing changed + clean for when I left did not receive my pain med for travelling home  Could have used it but an oversight is what I think happened XX
The nurses and doctors are very pleasant and informative best hospital stay!  XXX
The nurses and doctors were great but the nurses did not have enough time to educate and spend time teaching information as they are very busy with multiple patients  Not enough nurses for the nurse patient ratio.  A very large problem for our healthcare system and it really shows
The nurses and my dr specialist were fantastic.  My problems were in OR.  xxxxx xxxxx hurt my eye with tape he put on eyes.  Painful scratch like paper cut in eye plus he gave me to much anesthesia solution surgery was over at noon and they could not wake me up before 5:30 PM and did not believe me about my painful eye.  Asked to see a specialist for eye and never got one  Not impressed that was scary  And the xxxxx dr was rude about my eye situation
The nurses and other staff gave excellent care even though they are overworked  The bathroom could be cleaner  The hallways and rooms are quite crowded  Some of the food should not be served to patients (eg scrambled eggs)
The nurses and personal support workers were very personable, friendly and understanding.
The nurses and PSW's were absolutely professional and nice about it ... you have a wonderful staff, I felt safe and cared for, on the cardiac ward.  Dr. XXXX is very re-assuring and absolutely professional, with wonderful manners.  He made me feel safe + well cared for, so I wasn't worried about having a heart attack, like I would have been , terribly panicky, scared.  Thank him for his bedside manner it works.  Ha Ha (bless him) XX
The nurses and PSW's were exceptional.
The nurses and staff on the maternity floor (DR and Recovery) were amazing! I always and will continue to recommend them. And share my great experience.
The nurses and staff were amazing.  They made me feel comfortable.  I felt safe and reassured about my care + health  My sincerest thanks to the nurses in the cardiac ward floor 5-8
The nurses are boo busy to do all their work  There should be more staff.
The nurses are overworked they had to delivery and pick up food trays, that is a kitchen job.  I wish I had a washroom in my room.  Thank goodness I came home quickly.
The nurses are professional at there work they do.  To disappoint them to be horrible things to do.  They always have a smile under there mask.  I really like it when they say I'm sorry.  Makes me proud to be a patient at your hospital  PS XXXXXX + XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The nurses I had in the surgical short stay unit were amazing  XXXXX was an awesome nurse to help me get back on my feet!!!  Thank you XXXXX
The nurses I had were absolutely wonderful and completely helpful anytime I needed anything. my doctor was also excellent in everything I needed.  The dr for the epidurals was also great this time around!! I have zero complaints about my stay at XXX, I felt I was treated as the most important person there at all times.
The nurses in intensive care did not speak French!!!
The nurses in PCI and the angiogram room were amazing.  I had some challenges, problems and they were excellent in problem solving, caring and patience.  I thank them profusely.
The nurses in the recovery room were fantastic they checked my vitals every 15 mins and always asked if I wanted anything made me feel very comfortable during this worrying time
The nurses need to pay attention to the medication prescribed by the doctor.  I noticed that the nurse was going to me a double does of a pill I normally take.  I had to bring to her attention and then she had to double check my chart.
The nurses of the birthing center were amazing.  They went over and beyond for me and my newborn in order to ensure our well being.  They also helped us find a family doctor, which wasn't their job, but was very appreciated.  They also assisted with breastfeeding when even I doubled myself.
The nurses on the 3rd floor were awesome  Friendly
The nurses on the 7th floor are the greatest they let my husband stay for my duration in the hosp. thank you very much.
The nurses on the orthopedic floor were awesome
The nurses outfit smelled so strong of fabric softener
The nurses that cared for me while I was in the Surgery/Short Stay unit were amazing!  XXXXXX, XXXXXXX, XXXXX and XXX, thank you!!
The nurses told me I was not in labour, as "there is no way contractions last 20 mins long"  This made me feel scared and alone, as if no one would help me.  They were wrong.  I was in labour for 3 days and was shrugged off.  When I was admitted, they assumed I was on street drugs + apprehended me (despite my prescriptions for painkillers being legitimate and on file)
The nurses were absolutely terrific!!  My only complaint, because my husband wasn't allowed in (Covid) he should have been called to advised what had been done - He wasn't notified
The nurses were all excellent.
The nurses were awesome except the xxxxx nurse.  xxxxx changed my dressing, left all the blood bandages on the floor and my husband had to clean up.  Also my doctor was fabulous but the anesthesia did not read my chart properly and I was in excruciating pain for 12 hrs as a result  The xxxxx nurse also told me not to take a certain medication that was prescribed by the surgeon because xxxxx felt it was not good for me!  I think he knew what he was doing and xxxxx was unethical.  xxxxx name was XXX and xxxxx was xxxxx nurse!!
The nurses were caring and excellent.  I was actually very surprised.
The nurses were excellent  Very attentive to patient need.  They care  - Food, not so great.  Could be better.
The nurses were excellent!!
The nurses were excellent, however I found they were expected to do more than needed. I had thought that it was cleaning staff that changed the sheets on a bed, so after 2 days I inquired -- when I was told that it was the nurse's responsibility I had to ask again! I could not believe it. With all the things they do and all the patients they take care of, changing bed sheets should not be one of them.
The nurses were extremely helpful.  The care was excellent.
The nurses were great
The nurses were great.
The nurses were incredible so attentive, helpful and patient  I was very well taken care of  Dr. XXXXX saved my baby's life  She is an amazing doctor  Thank you
The nurses were incredibly helpful, knowledgeable, solicitous and reassuring  I am very happy with my experience and very grateful that my dr recommended seeing a cardiologist and that Dr XXXXXXX insisted I hve an angiogram.
The nurses were super.  I found that they were not following the indications we were told when I attended the class for hip rep't  ex - pillows between legs & not under - which side of bed to get in or out etc. - in orthopedic surgery
The nurses were very friendly & helpful and treated you professional, but also like a friend.  Cleaning staff were the same  Great experience
The nurses were wonderful.
The nurses where really good but the problem was that not be available for that is why I had to wait 5 hours to get admitted to emergency even to I was bleeding very badly as soon the dr. saw me he said I need to go to the operating room bu t I have to wait 2 hours to go there
The nurses/technicians/etc do a WONDERFUL job of caring for patients despite the absolutely horrendous conditions that they are forced to work under. As such, this survey is accurately getting feedback on my treatment, however do not take my favourable review to mean that nothing needs to change. All hospital clinicians and staff are basically at a breaking point with the lack of resources that they are forced to work with. THIS NEEDS TO CHANGE
The nursing care in the Step Down Unit + CCU was very professional.  The nursing care I received on 8N was very unprofessional and made me concerned about my safety.
The Nursing care was excellent
The nursing staff (post op) were excellent  None better  Thank you for a good experience.
The nursing staff was excellent
The nursing staff was so efficient and polite.  I have the upmost respect for all the nurses and the doctors who cared for me.  Thank you so much to all.
The nursing staff was truly fantastic, the doctors and food were both terrific.  Overall a wonderful experience.  THANKS for everything.  XXXXXXXX
The nursing staff were incredible.  A superior crew of nurses on the 8th floor.  They are the best I have seen for quality of care.  "They actually care."  I owe them all a "HUGE" THANK YOU.
The oatmeal is much better this time!!
The oncologist and chemo nurse on call were very professional and courteous.  They quickly found the source of my infection and began to treat it immediately.  I am grateful for their excellent care.
The only complaint I have is poor house cleaning, bathroom & floors.  The food tray was dirty & had some sticky substance on edges overall very good stay.
The only complaint I have was I was in very poor shape after surgery, had major blood loss and was in recovery for 15 hours trying to get my BP up. Nobody called my husband or children to let them know I was not doing well. They told my husband I was doing fine but was not the case. My 2 daughters are nurses and were extremely concerned by what they finally were given as news. One left work immediately and drove 5 hours to come check on me.
The only complaint in my four day stay was in the emergency room  Two possible student nurses had trouble putting a needle in my vein for receiving fluid it took 3 tries
The only complaints I have was in the food and the ward like atmosphere when I was supposed to have a sem. private all staff was sensational.  XXX
The only complaints I have.  1.  One nurses who was very rude and unpleasant in emergency.  2.  Lack of cleanliness in washrooms.  3.  Very good care - pleasant stay.
The only concern I had during my stay had to do with over crowding and the lack of available beds.
The only other time that I've gotten in the Emergency Department and seen by a doctor so fast within 1 Hr. was only when I had my 3 TIA's & 1 Mild Heart Attack!
The only problem I would have is them not finding my papers from my drs who made me rush to the hospital for a CAT scan.
The only thing I didn't like is the service I had when to was time to go home some staff should have brought me downstairs to the car to help.  Thank you
The only thing I have a little complaint about.  When in a recovery room for the night after surgery, I never got any sleep.  Lots of snorers - but I get that.
The only thing I really didn't enjoy was the nurses popping in when I'd finally fall asleep!  I know this can't be avoided - just doing their jobs!  Would've went right home if I could have
The only thing I would have liked was to be able to have a shower.  The one in the room was not usable.
The only thing is that I found out that I was being admitted when the phlebotomist came to draw my blood for testing, because doctor told me he was waiting to see if I needed surgery.
The only thing is the hospital staff there is not enough of them and second the food is not the best.
The only thing that concerns me is I asked for semi private it was only one night.  The next night I was put in a ward the same one as last XXXXXX I will make sure my insurance is notified that I was only one night in semi
The only think is the food.  All other was very good care.
The orderly that took me from my room XXXXXXXXXX in a wheelchair was acting in a very rushed manner!  He almost ran into a chair + a person coming around a corner.  This was very upsetting
The orthopedic dept I was in could use some snacks to give patients as some of the pain killers that are given cause stomach issues.  The nurses were great
The over concerning issues should be addressed.  But overall a good experience + result.
The paramedic in the ambulance was excellent  I want to thank them, for the job well done.  God bless them  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The paramedic in training was very helpful + understood how to help me calm down.  She was very comforting + she will make a great paramedic
The paramedics were wonderful to me
The paramedics who tended to my health care needs were wonderful.  They were sensitive & patient with me.  I was in a full blown back spasm attack when they arrived.  They gave me a pain medication to help me get from home to the hospital.  Thanks so much
The parking is a disaster could not find a place to park.  I went in a panic and hit a trick.  Had to park in rear parking lot and walk to emergency.  Had to stop many times for a breath.  Fix the parking.  I could of died just walking to emergency  The city cares more about their parking money then safety of patience.  NOTE  Do not send me another survey if nothing is done about the parking.  Awful
The particular health issue that brought me to the Emergency Department was a 3-visit medical issue.  The second visit was a 48 hr follow up visit requested by the first doctor. She was there but otherwise occupied with another patient, so another doctor conducted the follow-up while polite & civil, he did ask me why I was back so soon when I explained it was for a 48 hr follow-up check up of the issue, he told me doctors don't usually do a follow up for my particular condition for at least 4 or 5 days after the initial visit and shook his head in a bit of exasperation I said that I didn't ask to come back so soon, the first doctor I saw did and this second doctor did conduct an examination of the affected area and ordered an additional home treatment discomfort - relieving method  However, I was also (perhaps unintentionally, but still so) made to feel somewhat unwelcome and as though I was wasting his time I was also rushed out of there much more so than I was on the first & third visit  I realize doctors are busy and overworked, and I sincerely respect the wonderful work that they all do I also realize that there are certain established protocols when it comes to requested medical follow ups that said, I would encourage doctors to bare a nervous and uncertain patient's feelings in mind when "establishing protocols" are unintentionally answered by a newer doctor or intern, and not to take out any frustration or exasperation on the patient  The patient is often scared and the doctor is supposed to be professional and help the patient to alleviate their fear making patients feel unwelcome and that they are "being a burden" does nothing to help the health care process to these particular doctors  Please strive to finally put the gracious "care" back into health care.  This all said, the first doctor I saw for my condition (Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX) and the third doctor who was finally able to lance and drain my abscess (xxxxx doctor who told me I could call him XXXXXX) were top notch put me at ease, explained the condition/treatment process in terms that I could understand, and were thoroughly friendly and professional.  I would like to give them and the entire nursing staff in the ED a huge shout out and thank you!  Thanks for hearing me out and considering my feedback.  Sincerely, XXXXXXXXXXX
The patient parking could be close to bldg!!
The people that prepare the food should be charged for crimes against humanity  And thank you for the excellent care
The people were great  In ICU night staff was "controversial"  Seemed to have a lot of conflicts.  Surg floor, crowded.  Bathrooms not (unreadable) clean + need updating, no beds or toilets, felt like flushing spread germs  Double room very tight space  Staff worked hard  Seemed understaffed at times
The physician Dr. XXXXXX took the time to schedule follow-up appt to be assessed.  He showed great interest in my health.  It made better sense to see the same physician.  The question I do have does my family physician receive my reports I recently have been told that this is not the case.  Thank you.
The physicians and all the nurses in the ER + cardiac floor were exceptional.  I was truly impressed and very grateful for the exceptional care.
The physio staff were very informative to me
The post op process for ileostomy needs review.  I was told to get pork chops gravy & potatoes on 2nd day.  These items are not necessarily on the food like for the procedure.  It created complications for which the hospital did nothing about until day 10.  At that point a new CT was done to discover a twist in my intestine emergency surgery was then done on day 12  As a man of 185lbs, I lost 30lbs in that time and recovery was extremely difficult.  The surgeon from the second surgery said my ileostomy was too small.  All could have prevented my 19 day stay if care & attention were given a lot sooner.  I am XX year old healthy man who was told I would be out on day 3, not day 19.
The pre-op paperwork and take home instructions were not correct for the type of surgery that I had done so caused some unnecessary anxiety.
The procedure was delayed a day due to weekend back log  Pretty stressful
The process to get a hospital bed is long.  We need more nurses and more beds or a bigger hospital.
The program seamless MD was very helpful, reminding me on a daily basis of those things I must remember to do.
The PSW's & nurses were excellent with my treatment.  I was very well looked after.
The quality of the food provided leaves a lot to be desired.  Vegetables were tasteless, when (not on menu) a juice eg cranberry was requested it was not received but neither was an alternate provided
The questionnaire is not a fair test.  At 3:00 a.m. the emergency department virtually vacant.  Your questionnaire recommending department - we have no other emergency department in town.
The questions about listening were not completed as I am non-verbal.  A family member stayed with me 24/7 during my hospital stay to communicate with the medical team.  I did stay in the Emergency Department, in isolation, for 2.5 days.  The staff (including the ER Physicians) were awesome.  I felt that the ER Physician/s really cared about the medical condition that caused the hospital stay.  The staff ensured that I was comfortable.  I was very ill when I was admitted.
The resident/intern physician was very helpful  The working relationship between the emerg doctor and the resident put her in a position to deliver care effectively the learners environment was evident and in my opinion effective
The room I was in had alarms go off 7 times the night after surgery.  This caused me to ask to be sent to XXXXXXXXX
The room shortage was obvious.  I had to want in the recovery room till a room became available.  (No semi private but 4 person ward)  I was given pills (pain + stool softener)  + necessary directions  I was told about certain conditions (fever, spitting up blood etc) - should they take place, to see a doctor or go to emerg!  I wasn't told about what to 'expect' over the next 6 wk about my recovery before talking with my surgeon again.  Eg - recover will be slow/in stages/wound will be itchy/numb/tender to - for me, the 4th week of could notice a big difference in over all feeling
The rooms + corridors of the hospital were generally uncomfortable cool to cold.  Condensation often appeared on window exterior resulting from temp variance indoors to outdoors (XXXXXXXXX)!!!
The rooms are not properly clean.  PS  We should not have to go to N Bay for tests
The rooms are way too small Especially when your plan does not cover for private rooms.  However, I do realize that this is mostly due to the gov't cutbacks!!  Pleasant stay, competent staff.  Good job!  You're welcome!
The seamless MD program was helpful and kept me on track through the healing process.  An excellent xxxxx follow up by phone helped immensely.  Difficult to navigate prescription concerns, advice when required not usually someone speaks to you re home support - no/not this time  I would have appreciated more info re post op care  1.  How to access services  2.  Equipment required for home  3.  More physio demonstration and discussion at the hospital re. how to get in and out of the vehicle, expectations for healing I know COVID has affected all of this, but I was nervous, and it's nice to have a plan if you run into trouble!
The second visit to emerge on XXXXXXXXXX resulted in a diagnosis of MTBI incurred on XXXXXXXXXX
The service at the hospital was very good the food is terrible the eggs are very like rubber the veg very cold no taste I could go on but I am sure you get the idea not so good when you are trying to get better
The service I received was excellent.
The service provided during my stay was the best. I hve never experienced such great care!
The short stay nurse I had was XXXXX he was excellent.  I would like to make sure xxxxx receives a thank you from me.  Dr. XXXXX what a awesome doctor  My experience was excellent  Thank you to everyone
The staff & volunteers at XXX are very professional, caring and valuable to the patients and community.  I applaud every one of them, especially during the financial restrictions of today.
The staff @ the hospital are all very good and provide healthcare services to the same degree.  "5 stars"
The staff and nurses and doctors on the fifth floor were amazing.  Dr XXXXX and Dr. attending physician were excellent.  The nurses were warm and very personable and talented.  Made my XXXXXXXXXXXXX experience very pleasant.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The staff and the doctors, the food where very good but I believe the rooms could cleaner top to bottom
The staff are all doing their best and a great job  The key issue is extreme long waiting times: check in/being seen/procedures  All due (in my opinion) as a result of understaffed beyond incoming capacity
The staff at both XXXXXXXXX & XXXXXXX hospitals were fantastic!! I am so grateful to them all.
The staff at the hospital were fantastic to me.
The staff at this hospital are very short, cheerful and loving  XXXXXXXXXXXX
The staff care a lot about their patients.
The staff didn't seem to have experience with the thin skin on an older patient as a result of pulling off the tabs from the holter monitor, parts of my skin on my chest were torn off, and one area was leaking blood for about a week.  A nurse had to visit my home to change the dressings  Apparently, I was needlessly given blood thinners.  I was covered with bruises and scars.  I don't understand why the hospital didn't have access to my records from the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX there.
The staff had many unnecessary trips and steps due to lack of adequate equipment at their disposal. Hosp needs funding.
The staff has been nothing short of excellent.
The staff in the CT scan room + recovery area as well as the radiologist went above all and made me feel like they knew what they where doing after my lung collapsed - Excellent staff and very friendly.
The staff is good  Cleaning staff is the pits  Floor was not wash only garbage can every couple of days  I had a surgery of the bowel 4 weeks ago got out of hospital with a bad infection of the bowel  Went to 2 1/2 weeks of hell
The staff is good and overworked they need more staff  The staff is running ragged and confusion came in and mistake are made
The staff is overworked & 12 hours shifts are too long  God bless you all in there
The staff is very polite and efficient.  I also found the hospital very clean.  Thank you.
The staff is wonderful, very kind and caring  This includes cleaning and other support people  The food was great  Thank you all
The staff of nurses, PSWs, doctors were all great.  My only complaint was the food.  We were not given any choices & most did not taste good
The staff on rehab were very good & very nice.  They really helped me - to learn to walk again after surgery so I can get back to my home.
The staff was awesome
The staff was excellent from doctors nurses + PSW  My only complaint was the food. It had no taste and not very choices. Too much sandwiches with mayo that I could not eat. Ate only the bread did not taste good. The soup was watery  The food was never hot always lukewarm
The staff was excellent with regards to my 6 broken ribs  The ambulance ride from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was brutal and extremely painful
The staff was excellent, polite and good natured I thank them with all my heart for their dedication + knowledge.
The staff was exceptional and also the P.S.W were very professional awesome job
The staff was great and took good care of me.
The staff was great.  Everyone was nice + professional  Treated me with respect.
The staff was very good and understanding with me and my trauma - they were very kind - everyone of them - XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX staff should take example from your staff - not all - but most.  The all deserve a medal for their care + kindness.  Thank you all so much.
The staff was wonderful!!  The care I received was great.  The food was very good.  I don't have anything negative to say.  I was very impressed.
The staff were all wonderful  They are the ones who made my stay what it was  Nurses should be treated with respect from administrations  If cuts are necessary it should not be in programs, or nursing  Cuts should be in upper management & waste there cuts in nurses or programs & then raises to CEO is disgusting!
The staff were excellent very good experience  Nurses were busy but there almost every time I needed help.
The staff were exceptional in caring + explaining to me everything I needed to know  Wonderful + encouraging as well.
The staff were friendly however you can see that they do not have the time to fully care for patients and answer their questions appropriately.
The staff were very helpful & very pleasant
The stay was fine  I found the doctor who delivered my baby to lack bedside manner.  The nurses were excellent
The stay was quite good.  The care was excellent  The staff should be commended for providing excellent care during trying times.  I was treated with respect and compassion the entire time.
The storage (Space room)  Take your pick! Was assigned even though I requested semi/private (Non available)
The surgeon doctor XXXX saved my life.
The surgeon was very respectful and helpful  I am very please with his care  Thank you!
The treatment by all staff, nurses, doctors was excellent
The ultrasound Lady did verbally let me know that she was angry with her work load it made me very uncomfortable
The visit was good.  Wait time less than one hour.  Doctor was very helpful.
The visit wasn't bad but the one before that with pick line had to tel them to put gloves on each their hands they were 5 touching me with no gloves on touching my pick line what's wrong with that picture
The visiting hours were extremely strict, I would recommend aunties and uncles be allowed to visit any time just like grandparents.  Also, hospital food was very poor, and would hardly consider it a full meal.  Nurses were very nice though!
The wait between test was expected. But the wait for a hospital bed was very long.
The wait for the first visit from the doctor is usually long. However, once the doctor has taken in all the information I have and the list of symptoms that I am experiencing, tests and medications are quickly provided. Thank you
The wait is exceptionally long.
The wait time for a doctor is way to long.
The wait time is far too long for regular emergency visit.  I waited some 6-7 hours before a transfusion on another occasion when I should have been sent directly to UCI unit where they would have attended to me  I ended up leaving the hospital at 12:40 or 1:40 - there's a fine for parking  XX was admitted to the hospital XXXXXXXXXXXXX and had nothing but good things to say about the hospital.  If I was the (unreadable) I would contribute to the hospital funds.
The wait was not bad and the xray was done quickly but after that the wait to see a doctor was way too long
The wait was way too long to simply get an xray to confirm a broken finger and apply a cast.
The waiting is too long.
The waiting time is the worst thing!
The waiting time is very long, if I had been in a lot of pain, it would have been unbearable.  I saw many patients in pain & having to wait a very long time.  Your staff looks over.  Worked although they do their best.  More doctors & nurses needed in this dept.
The waiting was too long  The service was excellent.
The ward was uncomfortable due to noise and lack of privacy.  Hospital food wasn't optional on meal choices.
The whole experience was easier than I had expected.  Care was fantastic.
The worker should be more nice to use if I don't feel well  I don't want someone coming in pissy.  Thank you.
The xxxxx could of done morning bath care, but didn't on 2 occasions
The xxxxx nurse used the largest gauge needle for IV after I told xxxxx others always use the smallest on me since the chemo. This was confirmed when the dye was put in for the scan. When asked xxxxx said xxxxx does this every time someone mentions smaller needles just to spite us. xxxxx was rude the whole evening.
The xxxxx nurse XXXXX (XXXXXXXX) was so rude to me and others that our anxiety and relaxation were affected negatively.  xxxxx made my stay unpleasant and uncomfortable and will avoid any future health care from that horrible rude nurse.
The xxxxx XXXX was very rude to me!  Did not even let me finish my breakfast before doing exercise!  Rude!
The XXXXXXX Emg Dept is the last place I got for help + I never get help  You wait + wait + then no answers  They told me my fam dr could run the test!  So not happy with this dept
The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in active action helping those in need.  This in contrast to XXXXXXXXXXXX
The young doctors were amazing  I was misdiagnosed the 1st time a few months ago  This time, they listened + called me the next day to tell me what they found
The young female doctor was excellent
Their interpretation of my describing "how I felt" was not correct; they don't listen.
Their was one nurse that changed the "score."  Her name is XXXXX, when I asked her to help me nurse she told me my nipples were too small!!  But one nurse XXXXXXX went over and above to get my son to nurse.  Also I feel that the epidural DID NOT work.
Therapists were to pushy, wouldn't take no for an answer.  Made me cry.
There appears to be some animosity between nurses and PSW's which ws very obvious and uncomfortable.  Some nurses gave off an air of superiority.  Possibly give training on appreciating that everyone's job will affect everyone else?s
There are a few things that I feel I should have been able to speak to a professional.  I had a heart attack, two stents were put in.  Mentally I was confused, as well as physically.  I had no one to talk to, made things very difficult for me, but overall I am very thankful for the treatment I had that saved my life.  Thank you, XXXXXXX
There are a lot of good RN's but some that should have taken another profession
There aren't enough beds  Patients are screaming in shower rooms!  Why is there only one hospital to service this massive region?  The beds are horrible.
There can be a volunteer in the registration area to help alleviate feelings of stress or uncertainty if someone is new to the emergency situation.
There could be a definite improvement on the food served
There could improvements in hospital food
There is no warning communication totally ceases after 5 PM on operation day when the reception people and the recovery romo doesn't close until about 7 PM.  No one comes to the room to tell families where there patient is  No one sees the sign they put up.  Families are in another room  You have to know to go searching for answers.  Very stressful, staff shifts need to be realized to meet the needs of your patients and their families
There is no water available or offered to patients, despite the fact that wait times can be excessively lengthy.  The doctors, nurses and other staff rarely wash or disinfect their hands and often do not wear gloves.  I have seen both doctors and nurses go from one patient to another (ie administering an IV) and not was (disinfect their hands).  The treatment rooms and ER waiting area are dirty, dusty, and at times have old items from a previous patient left in them .  There is a severe lack of specialists available and delays in diagnosis and treatment/ under-treatment has detrimentally affected many outcomes - including myself - I almost died after waiting for 5 days for surgery to treat necrotizing fasciitis in XXXX.
There not enough nurses room should be clean everyday food could be better
There should be a parking pay station at every exit.  It would make it a lot easier for family members who are trying to transport a patient who is less mobile.  Some people seem to be parking long term at drop off zones for the S xxxxx entrance.
There should be no problem! If this wonderful care continues. I really belief we are very lucky to have a great place like this. Thanks to all.
There should be no reason that 4 patients should have to share a converted TV room with no bathroom. Very degrading using portable chair toilets
There was a little mix up with the dietary dept   They brought me food when I couldn't eat it due to surgery, and when I could eat, they forgot me  My surgery was booked for 2 days
There was a nurse on cardiac care who spotted how afraid I was and spent about a half hour chatting with me.  By the time we finished she had allayed my fears and allowed me to put into perspective the horrible things that were going to happen to me and help me change my mind set.  I went into open heart surgery - a double bypass, three days later quite confident.  She made all the difference by being so perceptive.  XX
There was a stabbing that day & the ER was backed up.  I believe "on paper" was not that important to the doctor.
There was a xxxxx nurse (I did not get xxxxx name) who was abrupt + preoccupied.  xxxxx seemed too busy to attend to me.
There was an issue with getting the test results back to the emerge doctor which cause an extra hour or two of wait. From the time arrival at hospital 11 @ am we did not leave till 8 wpm this is a total of 9 hrs. "Too long"
There was no complaints about my stay I was having pins & a plate put in my wrist and because there was emergencies coming in my surgery was pushed back from XXXXXXX to XXXXXXXX morning I'm not blaming or complaining but I feel if you have scheduled surgery it should be done at that time.  I feel all the nurses did their utmost best at all times in all departments and my surgeon was great.  Like I say just unfortunate circumstance
There was no doctor in emerg I had to wait 3 hr before some one came in
There was NO privacy ... but that's to be expected when you go to Emerg. but overhaul, I saw that all the drs & nurses did all they could to make you feel better.  Ex: Close the curtain around you.  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
There was no room for me stayed in recovery very loud.  Had back operation they let me go out without having a bowel movement caused me lots of pain
There was no showers  I know there still on construction
There was not enough information provided about post discharge care. The discharge process was coordinated poorly. I would have also liked to have received some physiotherapy during my stay. I could hear visitors across the hall way before visiting hours started. I think visiting hours need to be enforced by staff.
There was only 1 doctor working  - Took forever  - Only thing that saved me was a very kind nurse who gave me a bed to lie down in the hall  - I had a terrible flu
There was some confusion about my health, the doctors were not sure what they should do.  Turn out after 12 days the - did not (put in stent) or operate.  They gave me water pill and heart pill.  I am here.
There wasn't anyone in ER to admit me (for at least 1/2 hour).  There was a security man who told me to sit and wait.  I finally got help after several nurses + or technicians came out to see what the noise ala day was making in the ER this was quite a disaster!  This happened in the ER XXXXXXX.
There were 2 issues but I decided that I will speak with the patient care advocate at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX area in XXXXXXX as I realize you won't do anything anyway & at last that person works at the hospital & may speak with someone about it both these issues will affect how I handle another.  Admission/discharge if necessary & I have been letting family & friends in this community know what happened.
There were no beds available so they left me in the hallway of the emergency area for 2 two days (no privacy)!!
There were no rooms available so I ended up in a bed in a hall overnight.  I still get very good service by the nurses etc while I was there.
There were so many different medical students that it was difficult to learn names the continuity of care was not there.
There were too many nurses, students, and other professionals in and out of my room all night. I was not able to get any sleep, even though I was completely exhausted and needed rest. Every person who entered my room spoke loudly and acted as though it weren't the middle of the night and it was a perfectly fine time to conduct whatever test or procedure they were there for. I understand that a certain amount of tests need to happen at specific times, but being notified (before, say, midnight) of what would happen throughout the night would have been helpful and appreciated.
They all took very good care of me
They are long waiting some time but it no there fault.  I respect nurse & doctor but they are not perfect some time.  Thank you for your care while I was there.
They could not determine for sure if I have a blocked bowel or not.
They did a good job looking after me
They did blood work and found no reasons for my headaches  I wish that they would investigate a bit more.  Care more to find the cause of my headaches.
They didn't do hearing test on my newborn
They do good work + sometimes it is overwhelming for patients to see that
They had to make up a room for me, no buzzer no bathroom, no TV, all alone, lucky good nurses I understand hospital full
They move you to different rooms a lot to hide the fact there are more patients than there is
They need more nurses.  They are to busy.
They said I had a relapse bowel.  Keep it clean, and she would recommend me to a doctor.  Well I'm still sitting here at home, wet and crappy.  I know the Corona Virus takes first place to shoulder.
They send you home to fast, fast
They should ask if I would like someone french to speak to me
They swept the floors and cleaned the bathroom everyday but there were dead flies in the lights above my bed xxxxx and the area around the windows were black like mold  The halls were crammed with carts - linen, and other stuff which made walking a challenge  The linen on the carts in the hall were not covered and people were touching them as they went by  I had surgery and no one asked if I was doing the exercises they told me to do at the pre-op visit and no one checked to see if I was doing - or doing properly  My IV bag went dry with every bag I don't think the nurses know how to monitor an IV that is not on a pump  I had to ask the nurse to help me get up after the surgery (even though the exercise sheet said mobilization was very important)
They took great care of me  Thank you
They try to push you out to soon after surgery.  I had not even been up on my own, when I was told, I could go home day after surgery  I said no, as I lived 4 hrs away!
They were polite & good to me
They were quick to find my medical problem and get me on the road to recovery . They also have follow up and I am much better now with regular check-up  I would like to thank emergency services for saving my life!  They all worded hard to revive me.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
They were very good services.
They were very professional and caring
This hospital has amazing nurses and staff. Something need to be done to stop the abuse (verbal) of nurses & staff by some of the patients. The admin should have the same food to eat as the patients to  Stop trying to save money in the wrong places (food)  Fix the showers.
This hospital is very dirty and more doctors are needed so that the wait isn't so long.  - Staff mostly ignore the patients and are more concerned about socializing at the desk about their personal lives!  Patients come second.
This hospital needs to be cleaned.  I would go as far as saying that the hospital needs to be cleaned  Filthy filthy, filthy
This hospital saved my life 4 times it have to admit that I have seen a great deal of progress in the operating room  On my 4th heart attack I died on the operating table I was amazed to see all nurses + doctors waiting for me  Thank you to the staff
This hospital stay was good (2 nights) except the food was really terrible and the nurses were not able to figure out how to control my pain until I asked my husband to check my notes from my first knee replacement last year.  Just before I left to go home I finally had relief
This hospital stay was necessary as I was not told to start physio within 7 days.  - xxxxx after knee surgery should have told me to get physio after this surgery.  She only asked me if it was arranged, not that I needed it within 7 days.  I did not have physio for 3 weeks.  That is why I needed knee adjustment.  I would recommend that xxxxx should tell patients that they need physio within 7 days after complete knee replacement, not "do you have physio arranged?"  That can be the question after the statement "you need physio within 7 days after this surgery"
This is a very busy place.  But the care was very good.  My stay was short 3 day knee op.
This is my third time in this hospital and I have no qualms about having to go again.
This is the only time I will ever fill out this survey. It is far too long and detailed
This last visit was very quick and the care that I received from all staff was amazing.  Two thumbs up to all that took care of me.
This particular visit was done in a timely manner and I received the care I needed.  However, I have accompanied many people in this emergency department and it is backed up with a much longer wait 7 times out of 10. I feel as though health care providers are being overworked and as a result are not able to give the best quality care to the patient. Quality care would entail having time to discuss details with patients as well as having more room for patients to relax comfortably on gurneys etc. When they are in a lot of pain/discomfort.
This pt. is an elderly lady with failing health - difficult to answer correctly every question.
This survey cannot provide appropriate results, as you are separating the actual contact health care professionals have with a patient from the wholistic health care. In my case, the attending nurses and doctors were respectful, courteous and helpful.  However, I sat in a waiting area directly across from a hall beside the counter-edge of the nurses' station that lead to an area behind, watching a nurse greet and play with a young boy and talk to what appeared to be family members or friends for over an hour and a half.  Emerg was not busy during this time. This nurse sat and read a book with the boy and crawled after him on the floor, etc., while intermittently talking to other adults. I assumed this nurse was not on duty, until, on 2 separate occasions, she came to the nurses' station and asked the nurses who were there if all was good, etc. and if they needed her. Of course, she could have been on standby or on a meal break.  It was pleasant to watch how sweetly this nurse played with the child. When the child and attending adults left, a long back-and-forth parting, I was quite shocked to be called into a room with this nurse, apparently she was the one to remove my cast.  I believe she suddenly realized that I was in her view the entire time of her personal visit, as she seemed most overly attentive and pleasant, saying she would get me right to X-Ray (where I waited for another 1 1/2 hours). Then I further waited for another 2 hours as it was a long weekend and my x-ray had been emailed to a doctor to read it to see if I needed a second cast, but nurses and the fellow who applies casts (not certain if he is a physician) both finally apologized to me that that doctor had not responded to the email.  The fellow who applies casts told me he was 'going home now' so I might as well should too and someone from the hospital would call me in the morning. The placed a tensor bandage on my wrist and told me not to knock it or anything.  No one called me, so I had to call them later in the day. ... and when the survey asks how long I waited 'to get care', it does not specify whether that includes the process of being assessed or actual care for my problem.  I am committed to caring for 2 family members who are in failing health and I was missing their medication time, etc. so the time spent in emergency away from my responsibilities was very stressful.
This survey would be a lot easier and more complete if 'Not Sure', 'Don't remember' and 'Not applicable' were options. I don't remember some of the points while others simply did not apply to my case. Answering using the choices given paints an incomplete and inaccurate picture of my recent visit. I'm sure the same can be said for almost anyone that takes a survey like this a month after the visit. I am a XX year old man, I came in with severe chest pains, and although a preliminary examination (temperature, pulse, etc) was taken fairly promptly, I did feel the time between that initial test and the time someone actually figured out that I was not in danger of a heart incident, was entirely too long. The other thing I found was that in the age of computers and coded access, EXACTLY like this survey for example, is that your emergency department and others could save millions of dollars and thousands of man hours (patient and staff) by implementing a follow up test result access procedure. This is not the first time, I spent an additional 2 hours taking up a seat space and staff time waiting for a final result that I could have accessed at a later time.  As it turns out, as best anyone can figure, My chest pains that day (something brand new to me) were the result of stress and not heart function. That took about 3 hours to determine. It is what happened next that could be tweaked so save time and money. They did a follow up blood test, one that has to happen later, just to rule out the small chance it was a heart event that would show up on a secondary blood test. I asked if there was any other way I could access these results and was told that if I left, I would be considered discharged and that to do anything at all, even to get the results of that particular test, I would have to start back at triage and what had taken over 3 hours would have to be all redone.  This was a 'just in case' test that they expected nothing from. In the age of computers, I should have signed a form stating I new I was leaving without receiving this last piece of information and a code to access the results on line. I am a consenting adult, The results were about me, and myself and thousands of others could get this last piece of information at home, on our phones, devices, or computers. The 5% of people that do not access the internet or have the capability (seniors, underprivileged, illiterate) could do exactly what we all do now; sit and wait and grow moss. Until the lab results are in and the doctor, who has other things to do, gets them and talks to us, we sit and take up space and resources. There is no reason an access point or an email or a text could not give the results to us and/or our normal physicians. This electronic communication could also recommend or request a follow up visit or communicate the requirement to the other care providers in the patient's file. Of course more serious cases and patients who need to see the doctor again or require more treatment (stitches, casting, minor procedures, etc) could remain where they are as per usual until treatment and diagnosis is complete. For the thousands of people that are just waiting for the results of a strep test or similar things, could get their results on line or by phone. The medication and suggested course of treatment could also be communicated differently.....all with legal consent of the patient. This same scenario plays itself out daily in our emergency rooms and this process, although not perfect and not applicable to every case, could lighten the burden on staff and resources while clearing the waiting room much faster. Thank you.
This time  *Excellent dr in emerg made you feel he cared and listened to you* - Care by my doctor group excellent
This time my visit was good other visit (unreadable)
This visit started out good when I registered they were very friendly and courteous.  But when I was then treated by the xxxxx nurse that changed,  not sure if she was having a bad day, she was extremely rude and abrupt and asked why did you not got your family doctor or the surgeon that did surgery or even the walk in clinic.  She continued to be very rude asking why I waited so long to go to the emerge.  First off my family doctor office was not open that day.  Also the surgeon was on holidays.  I did not go to a clinic as  when I do they always send me to the Emergency.  I had surgery in XXXXXXXXX spent two days in the hospital and was discharged on XXXXXXXXX.  Upon my discharge they informed me if I have any issues to come back to hospital.  That is what I did so found it very offensive and disrespectful that the xxxxx nurse would make you feel like you should not have and wasting her time.  After the xxxxx nurse I was then sent to the back and waited to see doctor.  Both the nurses and emergency doctors were nothing but polite, courteous and respectful and very professional.  They did not treat me like I was wasting their time, they address my issue(which was sever blistering on my incision and leg from my knee replacement surgery).  Doctor drained the very large blisters and sent off for cultures to make sure I had know infections.  So maybe the xxxxx nurse did not think that was important reason to go to the emergency  but for me it was as I was very concerned I had infection.  So like I said maybe she was having a bad day but this was the very first time I was ever treated like that but anyone at the Emergency.  That one nurse upset me immensely with her attitude and treatment that I wanted to leave.  But stuck it out and the rest of the visit  with the Emergency nurses and doctors was well worth it.
This visit was for a torn deltoid ligament which I required xray to be sure there was no fracture/break I expected to be there a minimum 6 hours I was complete the entire process in less than 3 hours.  I was very impressed and expressed this to the doctor and nurses.  I fully understand the emergency room is served on worst cases first.  Since I was there solely for xrays I expected a long wait as my situation was not high priority in my opinion.  Everyone was pleasant, courteous, respectful and frankly in great moods  It was as pleasant as an emergency room visit could possibly be  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
This visit was scheduled by me to see one of my doctors in ACU
This was 1st visit there was a 2nd visit 4-5 wks later both went well
This was disgusting they treated a XX yr old like a piece of shit  No respect at all.  Tell your xxxxx boss
This was during Covid 19  I felt I should have been separated from other patients
This was my first experience at XXX, and was very well treated and well taken care of.  I cannot say that any of the staff didn't treat me with respect & dignity.  Well done XXX & staff.
This was my first hospital admission in 40 years. so I have little from which to draw comparisons.  Also upon arrival at Emergency I was barely conscious and was delirious at best for almost a week. My recollections of care during that period are minimal.  I do feel my care overall was excellent and owe XXX many thanks.
This was one of the best procedure I ever had the dr was sympathetic respectful and courteous.
This was the best hospital stay ever!  Great staff and the best dr. (Dr. XXXX)
This was the fastest time I have been seen.  Usually I wait much longer.  I know to go early in the morning.
This was the fastest, most helpful visit @ XXX I have been many times for myself and my 3 children.  The doctors cared and listened.  Some don't care or don't listen.
This was the quickest visit to the Emergency Department.  It was very late at night so wasn't many people.  Otherwise, to be honest, the wait is too long.
To be fair to the care giving staff, the students who were dealing with me were adequate and took my advice as a learning situation I advised them that acting with politeness & empathy is a necessity in such an enduring job
To change the bedding after the day of my surgery.  The food was awful  I did not get any food the day of my surgery  Surgery was at 8:00 A.M.
To damn long
To doctors & nurses that took care of me I thank them for an awesome job that they did while I had my stay at the emergency.  Thank you very much
To everyone on 8th floor cardiac unit thank very very much!  Amazing care on all levels  XXXXX
To fast to take care of
To long in emergency department waiting for a comfortable bed
To long of a wait in emergency.
To long waiting very long to get help after dog attack.  Head bam like soup bowl kidney stone attack some much pain 10 hr wait.  Sent by doc. waited 19 hrs to redo test no sense
To me the hospital is understaff for all the patients they have to see, to comment I suggest they should put more the staff on that is qualified to take care of these patients that come in the emg ward nice.
To much light at night
to separate the fairly normal patients + the loud obnoxious (sometimes drunk or doped up) patients.
To summarize the hospital stay was alright but, the nurses overworked.  I get excellent care in spite of that.  The food is terrible.  That beef broth has to go.
To thank the EMT's in their fine work + care for the patient handling (10 stars out of 10).  Also nurses care.
Toast - terrible
Toilet was plugged in room on XXXXXXXX.  Spoke with numerous people and still wasn't fixed on XXXXXX when left for procedure  Nursing care was excellent on cardio.  Food however sucked  Lab tech was rude when I gave her shit for waking me at 10:30 PM for blood work  I didn't slept well for a couple of days.  Given sleeping pill  Took me 3 hours to get back to sleep
Too busy, too rushed, too many germs, too many people suffering + not being cared for  More staffing required  7 hours too long for a back ache
Too cold.  Too much air conditioning.
Too crowded  No bariatric eq.
Too little staff
Too long for a bed to be admitted
Too much light at night  Hallways/bathrooms  - 2 in a room/toilet use was not pretty to see or floor - dirty 2 days sink  - Early tests 6 AM  Blood test  - Rest better at home  - Pills too strong: pain pills (Morphine codeine) - Anaesthetic - sick 5 hrs. 8th operation 10 h sick recovery to3 PM   Up stairs bed at 3 PM  We had apt with anesthetic guy wks before operation + told him I get very sick + spine needle he said.
Took quite awhile to see someone at admission.
Took to long to see emergency doctor after the fact and result of cAT scan  It was a kidney stone what made me made is the fact that I had a hip replace prior to this and I was in lots of pain.
Took too long  More comfortable ambulance
Top notch staff  Top notch drs/surgeons  Impressed
Total knee replacement  - Nurses were very attentive and competent.  I stayed two days in hospital.  - Was treated with the outmost respect.  Thank you!!
Transfer from XXXXX was up to me + I left at 4:00 am in the morning to have surgery in XXXXXXX - had to find my own way - no hospital to hospital transfer.  Returned to XXXXX with very little info for my doctors here.
Transitioning from hospital to home - very little info given about restrictions.  Physio staff - 5 mins is a joke!  She rushed the appt and being after surgery.  Little info was left with patient about restrictions at home.  Need physio staff 7 days a week!
Translated from Finnish - It is a pity that the nurses use so many rubber gloves (couldn???t the gloves be cleaned with rubbing alcohol every now and then) Our grandchildren will be drowned in rubber gloves Thank you.
Translated from French - All the nurses and doctors that I met were very polite and very professional in their work.  In watching them work you can see that they know their profession and that is reassuring to see them go.
Translated from French - All the staff involved were super.
Translated from French - Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX at the emergency room wasn't nice at all.  He spoke to me in a condescending way and didn't take me seriously.  When I told him that I was not comfortable returning home with the symptoms that I had, he accused me of the following: "you're holding a gun to my head".  When I asked him to have a few minutes to call my husband who was not present with me, it was necessary for me to ask him 5 times before Dr. XXXXXX left the room so that I could call him.  Dr. XXXXXX told me that that would change nothing.  He also lied to me telling me that my cardiac specialist was not available.  I called his office to confirm that he was good and available at the hospital that day (it's the specialist that told me to go to the emergency room if my symptoms had not gone away).  My experience at the emergency room was HORRIBLE thanks to Dr. XXXXXX.  I am happy that I was able to persevere and obtain the care that I needed.  However, I think about those that are perhaps older, or younger, who are made to return home with their symptoms and that are never treated in an adequate way.
Translated from French - For me it's the bilingual nurse is a problem for a French person without instruction.  Thank you very good (hospital)  XXXXXX
Translated from French - From the fact that this was a same-day procedure, there were non-applicable questions #8 + 9.  Really appreciated the quick services, taking into account the measures from COVID-19.  Thank you!
Translated from French - Good care  OK
Translated from French - Good service.
Translated from French - Having asked for and received services in French at the hospital, it would be important that this request be transmitted to the agency that ensures home care.  The XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX agency identified me as "English speaking" without having told me (English language of preference according to XXX)
Translated from French - I (unreadable) same day surgery.
Translated from French - I am currently suffering from a stone in the gallbladder.  When I was at the hospital they didn't operate because there was an infection in the gallbladder  I am currently on a strict diet.  In a month and a half they are supposed to operate to remove the gallbladder or the stone or both at the same time  I have to be asleep for that with ether or knockout anesthesia shot.
Translated from French - I am very satisfied with my stay at your hospital  Thank you very much
Translated from French - I appreciated all their service, however I consider that the French language is important in the healthcare domain.
Translated from French - I don't like hospitals.  I had good care but happy to leave.  It's going well.
Translated from French - I found the staff, the volunteers, true professionals, dedicated to their work and to the well-being of the clients.  "Pleasant" stay despite the situation
Translated from French - I have nothing to add.  I was very well treated an excellent staff.
Translated from French - I left the hospital too early.  I was not ready physically.  Complication return for surgery.  The same as the first time in a space of one month.
Translated from French - I must say that it's a very good hospital and the care is excellent.  What is lacking a bit would be more French for those that don't understand.  Thank you.
Translated from French - I received very beautiful services  The people on duty always had a smile and in a good mood.  The meals, the cleaning super  Thanks again
Translated from French - I was not able to received service at home.  It was necessary that I go to the XXXXXXXX clinic where I received help from a different nurse each visit.  It was a lot better at the hospital.
Translated from French - I was truly satisfied.  It would have been good to have a bit more services in French.
Translated from French - I was very well served.
Translated from French - I would like to get papers in French.  I understand it better.
Translated from French - I would like to see more people that speak French and who can communicate with the patient.  The patient should have access to a nurse of their native language.  Both language French and English in emergency + hospital.
Translated from French - It is true that I was received at the reception by a French-speaking nurse.   The same when I did the MRI test.  It's a true pleasure when from the beginning and during the treatment or the wait, you express yourself in your language with the service providers because that puts you at ease.  The rest, it would be interesting and even recommended to always have interpreters who can translate systematically the concerns of the sick people because health problems, the least error, that could be fatal.  Otherwise, for the rest, I am convinced that the work is well done for the rare times that I have frequented the establishment.  There you go.
Translated from French - It takes time  - For eating if you wait it's long  - Speaking if he understands (unreadable) if not that takes time to understand  - It takes time spent and one is on the stretcher (unreadable) and it's hard on my (unreadable) (unreadable)  P.S. his son XXXXX
Translated from French - It was magnificent.
Translated from French - It was well appreciated my stay at the hospital.
Translated from French - Just that there should always be somebody bilingual on each shift  Very important for a person who doesn't speak English.
Translated from French - Just to say that we spend too much time at the emergency room.
Translated from French - My insurance covered a semi-private room to which I didn't have access.  I was in a room with curtains between the patients (about 16 people).  I would have liked to be in a room and had more privacy.
Translated from French - My red and white blood cells were low.  I had not eaten since the night before my operation.  I vomited from the time I went up to my room.  I still had not eaten when they discharged me from the hospital.  I was anemic and very weak.  I couldn't make the trip returning home.  We stayed at hotel so that I could regain my strength.
Translated from French - My stay from XXXXXXXXXXX was very pleasant.  My stay in XXXX was less pleasant because I am francophone and I had a lot of pain.  Thank you.
Translated from French - My stay was remarkable thanks to the nurses and specialist doctors.
Translated from French - No  Everything was good.
Translated from French - No my last stay at the hospital was pleasant.  Thank you.
Translated from French - No not really everything went well.  For your information, I didn't spend the night.
Translated from French - Not enough people who speak French.  Thank you.
Translated from French - Overall, my stay at the hospital went very well.  All the nurses were super  Everyone that I met were polite and respectful!
Translated from French - Please - more hospital and medical services in French.  I couldn't always explain myself nor understand.  - Give the opportunity to question the surgeon after the surgery  Important ** to monitor that the television of the other patient isn't on all night.
Translated from French - Super nurses!  Doctor, too!
Translated from French - Thank you
Translated from French - Thank you for all the good care.
Translated from French - Thank you to all the staff for the good care received.
Translated from French - Thank you very much for the good care that you gave me during my stay at the hospital.  Thank you very much to the nurses and doctors.  I really appreciated it.
Translated from French - The food leaves a lot to be desired.  - Should have a snack in the evening.
Translated from French - The food remains a big problem.
Translated from French - The lack of beds on the floor to get out of the emergency room more quickly.
Translated from French - The receptionist told me that she didn't want to advertise the language when I asked her if she spoke French.  She spoke to me in French my first visit but refused to speak to me in French on my 2nd even when I answered her in French.  She ignored me.  This is at a bilingual hospital.
Translated from French - The room was cold.  Had to ask for more blankets.
Translated from French - The surgery to replace my right hip went very well.  However, when returned home, a week later, I had a pulmonary embolism and so I suffered a lot.  This is in great part due to the fact that I only had 3 anticoagulation pills when I left the hospital.  According to what I read, anticoagulants are given for at least 30 days after the surgery.  I don't know if it's a new protocol but I suffered because of this lack!  XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
Translated from French - The telephone is not at all useful - be it the person doesn't respond to our request, I never got a call from outside, my family and friends, never got response coming from my room.
Translated from French - There should be someone who speaks French at all times and they should ask if we speak French  This questionnaire should be in French.
Translated from French - They forgot my laundry bag there where I had been operated on.  I had to wait for them to retrieve it to leave  Beautiful hospital, clean good service!
Translated from French - They make the patients wait too much.
Translated from French - Very good nurses + doctors.  Thank you for your help.
Translated from French - Very good service  The services of the ambulance drivers was great.
Translated from French - Very good service from the doctor, nurse and all the staff.  I appreciate the care received.
Translated from French - Very satisfied
Translated from French - Very satisfied  Thank you
Translated from French - Very, very good care.
Translated from French - What concerns me these are diagnostic services (ultrasound, CT scan) that reduce the rating of excellence between 7:00 (time of admission) and 12:30 (time of procedure/lumpectomy) there were tests and especially length of wait between each with +/- explanation of progress
Translated from French - What I hate the most is the lack of service in French in a supposedly bilingual hospital and plus they put on a second bracelet blue and white that supposedly means French but the staff asked me the question why I had 2 bracelets when I answered that it was for French they ignored it and continued in English.
Translated from French - When the patient is not accompanied by a person that can explain in French, it is necessary for the English-speaking person to speak more slowly.
Translated from French - XXXXXXXXXXXX  Sir, when you have the courtesy to send me a questionnaire in French, I will fill it out and return it promptly.  Sincerely, XXXXXXXXX
Translated from French - You should have another hospital XXXXXXX is a big city for just one hospital and you could have better services.
Travel grants 6 trips to hosp 3 trips authorized with (unreadable)  "poor"/pre op, surgery (OK) post recovery trip home twice.
Treated very well
Treated well but didn't need much care.
Triage aware pain - 8/10  Took three plus hours for MD to ask if I wanted something for the pain  Suggest treating pain while patient is waiting long hours to be seen
Triage has to improve.  Doctor who seen us expedited xray and made sure we had good service because he said because cancer patients should not be exposed to all the germs even though wearing a mask.  After we seen him we were out within an hour  -  over 2 hrs wait though.
Triage needs better tweaking.  Violent vomiting - urgent attendance to stabilize sick baby - priority.  Violent pain - first step - stabilize.  Unacceptable for babies to be waiting 3 hrs +.
Triage nurses need to consider age of patients & not just an ECG to determine if I sit in the waiting room for 3 hrs or he seen sooner.  My oncologist called the hospital inform them I had a blood clot in my lung.  I am XX and was not seen until my daughter insisted I not wait another 3 hrs.  Arrived 7:15 PM was not called to the back until 10:30 PM.
Triage should have ordered x-rays (I was rushed when the dept wasn't busy)  Complaints from another dept about lack of x-rays  Waiting area was filthy and uncared for.  Secondary waiting area was better but needed attention cleanliness very poor
TV in a ward is not a good thing because you can't see properly + you don't have your own TV.  Going to another room for washroom is not good.
Two night stay was horrible!  Staying in a (unreadable) with 7 other patients after a major surgery when asked for a private room was very disturbing and not restful.  The nurses were too busy dealing ith other patients to be able to give everyone needed attention.  I realize that they are doing their best but additional support is needed for them to be able to do their jobs.
Unable to sit due to cancer and was left to sit for over 12 hours  Husband suggested I recline in the car until I could be seen by the dr.  After requesting on-call oncologist, was admitted directly to hospital for chemotherapy treatment  Little no compassion shown by nursing staff and emergency department  - Patients lying on dirty floor in department
Under the circumstances I think the hosp. does the best possible for all patients XXXXXXXXXX
Understaffed during overnight hours.  Nurses overworked, running room to room
Unfortunately I was admitted to the tub room for my stay so had no access to a bathroom and had to use a commode.
Unfortunately I was there during the Covid-19 outbreak.  It would have ben nice if I had access to magazines or newspapers.  Dr XXXXXXX was fabulous!!
Unfortunately my stay was during COVID so it wasn't a good experience had to walk myself out of hospital alone after cancer surgery
Unhealthy food choices, too many carbs at every meal & no fruit!  meal example breakfast toast, cereal, juice, sugar packets.  Supper - white pasta, corn, chicken most meals, had no choice in meals!
Upon arriving to the emerg; I explained to the clerk my situation of chest pain & explaining to her that I was worried.  She began processing the paper work & as if my condition was not severe I was told to wait for fast track which took 20 men, to see my concern as if a person walk in emerg for major pain the clerk should process the person immediately & not treat him as a person has a cold or flu.  PS: I am lucky that it was not a heart attack because the slow process I feel I would not be here today the treatment from the nurse & doctor was OK
Upon discharge, the nurse gave me post-surgery care written instructions in french rather than english.
Upon first arriving at XXX emergency dept, I had already begun to show signs of (unreadable) cirrhosis.  As the delirium worsened my ability to understand, let alone acknowledge, my (unreadable) was worst to me.  Time to spend, staff didn't with my family members who were present.  As my condition improved, my recovery was made easier by the level of care I received.  The doctors, nurses, and PSW's assigned care for me in a manner that ensured me to retain my dignity and for this I am forever appreciative.  XXXXX
Upon having pain in the 7-8 of 10 I was given an opioid from witch I still fear ever!  Being exposed to "dilaudid" the horrendous nightmares followed by intense fear of sleeping through another episode
Usually I would of been there at least 8 hrs or more but the emergency was quiet. (Lucky me)  I've always had good care, can't complain.  Although less wait time is always better.
Vast improvement over my last visit almost four years ago, when I was also surveyed after that horrible experience, I told people I would only go to emerg. if I was bleeding out  This trip has restored my faith
Very attentive in emergency  Very attentive in special unit  Good care on regular unit but nurses were run off their feet so unfair to criticize them  I have a daughter who is a nurse at hospital.
Very best nurses and doctor
Very busy at time of visit
Very disappointed overall!  First of all misdiagnosed in emergency the first night & sent home.  The next day, back to emerg with ruptured appendix ... this could have been fatal ... very very scary experience - 15 days in extreme pain in hospital, which could have been completely avoided - worst possible experience!
Very disorganized  Total confusion
Very efficient @ nice  Well mannered
Very efficiently run stay surgery went well and post operative care is excellent!
Very friendly  Fast  Building could use better cleaning
Very friendly and helpful
Very friendly staff & nurses
Very good
Very good
Very good
Very good
Very good
Very good
Very good
Very good
Very good
Very good
Very good care
Very good care  Nurses + staff were very polite and respectful.  Food is left to be desired  Not tasty + warm.  Service from staff was very good
Very good care but due to Covid no family allowed to assist.  Also, my son was not called + given info after surgery.  But RN had me call him on/with my cell when I was able.  Poor communication with family with results.
Very good care!
Very good care, given the resources they have at hospitals, in general
Very good care, nurses were very pleasant, and so were doctors, very satisfied
Very good care.
Very good care.  Good doctors & nurses.
Very good care.  Only thing bad is the food.
Very good care/emergency & 6th floor nurses & staff very professional & caring  Thank you!
Very good doctors in the cardiac department thank you!
Very good experience awesome service and beautiful nurses wow!  I want my other hip done lol.  Thanks so much I feel great
Very good service
Very good service  Thank you
Very good service & very nice & professional people.
Very good service from nurse XXXXXXXXXXXX
Very good service.
Very good staff  Love my XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, but don't like to be sick  Congratulations to the drs and nurses
Very good staff  Thank you
Very good staff.
Very good stay  Thanks to all
Very good thank you
Very good!
Very good!
Very good!
Very happy with improvements noticed since my 1st visit 6 yrs ago.  AM ER has endless opportunities for that.  Good job and thank you.  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Very happy with the care I received at the hospital  No complaints  Everyone were terrific
Very happy, friendly, caring
Very impressed with all the nurses and PSWs during my stay  - Great care from Dr. XXXXXX, who came to see me EVERY day  Thank you!
Very impressed with Dr. XXXXXXX - very compassionate & caring  Does not rush you  Nurses also very nice & efficient  Those who complain have no patience!
Very impressed with the efficiency of hospital staff during this emergency
VERY impressed with the healthcare given. It was right at the beginning of Covid 19. Everyone was very respectful & was given excellent care but the food sucks.
Very kind, compassionate and friendly nurses in ER and on the 7th floor.  Excellent service!!  Thank you so much.
Very loud at night could not sleep
Very nice.
Very pleasant
Very please with my stay in the hospital.  My care was excellent!
Very pleased
Very pleased with care & respect I received.
Very pleased with my stay  Thank you
Very pleased with the care & hospital stay.
Very pleased with the service provided by all staff!
Very poor ambulance service I had to walk 200 feet for a wheelchair I could hardly walk w/out pain from (unreadable) or am going to get one of the family to take me in
Very poor organized when released.  Having 2 knees replaced and being left at entrance to make it to vehicle because they are not allowed to go further  Very sad.
Very poor, the staff is overworked and the hospital is quite unorganized  A real joke!!  Too many overpaid people who couldn't organize a circus
Very positive  All staff excellent.  Great hospital.
Very positive experience  Staff (nurses, doctors, kitchen) were always helpful, smiling
Very positive experience.
Very professional  Excellent care
Very professional and caring staff every visit.
Very professional and friendly
Very professional friendly, supportive so nice.
Very sad that the nurses in emerge so over worked - cleaning staff need extra people in emerge with 14 people or such - a very sad situation - on stretcher in hall/frozen the whole time
Very satisfactory
Very satisfied
Very satisfied
Very satisfied in your hospital thanks
Very satisfied with my stay
Very satisfied with the service there.
Very thankful toe everyone who helped.  What a wonderful experience.
Very well cared for, your cardiac unit is top notch.  Excellent doctors and staff.
Very well organized, nice people, excellent help when I got lost.  Very good hospital
Very well taken care of.
VG
Visit was good!
Visited emerg for a corneal abrasion  Nurse excellent he spoke to emerg dr stat & gave me a drop of freezing which decreased pain from 0-1.  I needed no further treatment so I left saying that if the pain recurred I would return excellent visit with wonderful nurse
Visiting for myself and also for/with my wife.  I have been very impressed with nurses doctors and interns.  Congratulations to all.
Wait in waiting room too long - no privacy situated in hallway or room with groups of people.  Waiting room not monitored by medical staff, staff appear overworked, no supportive services provided XXXX to assist with avoiding readmission.  Staff listen but don't hear you, not invested enough (bed shortage) causing several readmissions.  Told would not be admitted because hospital too full & returned to emerg again need more care.  No proactive care Rx provided investigation to avoid.  Family had to be my advocate to get proper care, only 1 emerg department available in city - so no choice there to come with question #31.  Frustration with lack of support contributing to affecting mental & emotional health #38
Wait time is ridiculous.  The hospital is way too small for the community.  Staff are overworked.
Wait time is too long
Wait time only ended when new shift started waited 4 hours after midnight (1AM - 5AM) when new shift started seen doctor.  Too excessive.
Wait time to be registered in the ER was quite lengthy for the health issues I had care by everyone else was 10+
Wait time was long due to 1 dr tending to patients and the other involved in a critical emergency.  All staff were professional considering the long wait and various health concerns  The registration process is most confusing and physically disorganized - not everybody looks down for instructions of the process.  - Black phone to access patients in the back is in a bad area needing to go thorough the line up of people, stepping over people, to get to the phone.
Wait time way to long  And, I don't think people should have to stand in line in emer. when sick  Go back to number system
Wait times are terrible  -  Waited ~10 hrs with my wife
Wait was too long I left after 1.5 Hours . Wait was approx. 7 hours.  I had a migraine that mimic a stroke. Head was pounding I could not sit there that long.
Waited 3 days in Emergency to get a room.  Way too long.  Not comfortable.  Very noisy.
Waited for a long time (unreadable) blood was drawn and urine taken  Had to wait for results.
Waiting room in emergency the wait is too long to see a doctor.  Triage should be according to the illness
Waiting too long to see doctor
Waiting was the worst got there around 1:00 am no one was there and I was there for 4 hrs
Ward was not very clean.
Was a very positive experience and felt well taken care of.
Was concerned a patient was admitted to next bed who arrived also through ER and ended up having hepatitis + further moved to isolation.  I feel he should have been screened further before being admitted to cardiac floor since he had just arrived from South Asia.
Was disappointed with only having the front of the hospital gown there was nothing available to cover my back.  They said they didn't have any.
Was drs appointed my spouse wasn't given the change to cut the card ongoing  Cut it right when the nurse went to get him to cut he never even asked.
Was excellent care & very professional.  Very caring & always helpful  Doctors & nurses were the best I could find anywhere
Was extremely please with the service & care received, other than the location of the unit had no windows, & there were just a curtain, separating the other 8 patients from each other!
Was extremely pleased with my care while in your hospital
Was given knee brace following surgery  Excellent instruction on how to put it on & off - but no instruction on adjustment in following recovery period
Was good as can be expected. Nursing + saw good care was top notch. Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXXX!
Was good.
Was happy with the care and time.
Was in hallway for 3 hrs.  Dr. didn't introduce himself?  Staff was pleasant but not urgent.  No extra care given unless BP taken or blood work etc.  Mother couldn't move well and no one offered assistance at any time  But when they had director to deal with her they were pleasant enough  Also was across room was a mentally ill woman under police surveillance was a bit stressful for patient witnessing her outbursts and police standing beside us.  There should be a separated are for mentally ill patients.
Was not able to be helped by XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX but was referred to XXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXX who expects to help me.
Was not happy having to share a room with someone who had to use bed pan.  Very smelly environment.  Noisy environment, had to use sleeping aids for sleep.  Was not happy being cramped into a small space.  Not even half of a room.
Was only there overnight. My surgery went well so was able to leave sooner than expected  Over night stay went well
Was put in a ward even though I had health coverage for semi-private.  Bed availability was at capacity.  Then moved to a TV room with no bathroom facility, but provided a commode
Was taken off meds and food after surgery - not to get out of bed pan were awful!  Asked  to use commode but refused!  - did not have a wash all day not even hands!  Next day went home  new (unreadable) - alone  No help - had a diabetic episode - I think it was because my body was taken off meds day before
Was there for a CT scan so the wait was long
Was transported to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX + remain there - XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is an excellent facility.
Was treated with care + respect
Was very happy with the quick response and care.
Was very pleased
Was very positive especially during the pandemic  - Patients should of been offered face masks
Was very surprised to learn about gender neutral sharing of my room I feel the public should be made aware of this policy.  If male & female are to share a room.  I feel urinals need to be installed in washrooms.  I do not feel women need to worry about urine on toilet seats or on floor not very hygienic
Was well taken care of, happy I had the procedure done  Now feel better
Washrooms in various waiting areas could be kept much cleaner.  It is also obvious that nurses are understaffed and overworked however very polite and courteous!
Washrooms need more cleaning  I was in a semi-private and other patients used the washroom during the night.  There should be some disinfected wipes.
Wasn't impressed with 2 doctors - didn't agree on procedure. Spent 2 wks in hospital for nothing 1 wk in XXXXXXXXXXX and 1 wk in XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Wasn't impressed with Dr XXXXXXXX.
Way to crowded eg. rooms.  Need more room in the patient rooms so you don't have to move everything to get at the patient
Way to much walking but can't be helped
We are fortunate to have XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  XXXXXXXXXXXX
We are very grateful to the emerg doctor who did a follow up call the next day to see how I was doing & ordered the cat scan we required for more accurate information on my condition.  Very compassionate doctor.
We can see the staff is very busy, but they work hard at providing good care to patient(s)
We felt rooms and bathrooms were not really clean  Food was very undesirable  I am a diabetic and supposed to scope early wasn't taken until 2:30 PM + fasting  We were supposed to have tests + referrals on our discharge papers + they were never completed nurses couldn't find proper tape often IV removal so she used scotch tape
We had 3 hospitals in XXXXXXXX - closed down 2 of them.  This is why the medical staff can't keep up with a population of 160,000 people & surrounding communities.  Maybe mentioned this to our XXXXXXX Premier, I see none of his area hospitals are not closed  It seems like are Medicare program is following the Americans Medicare system which is sad, if that clown likes it that much he should to the states  Enough said, don't get me started on Mr XXXX  Seems like out of XXXXXXX area & south area is all he cares about the North doesn't count  Maybe if he would respect the Northern communities more, they wouldn't be shitting down the facilities that people need, & Medicare that we need.  Sorry for bringing in politics into this survey
We have received very good care. I suffer from cancer, they have been very thorough. Thank you. XXXXXXXXXXXX.
We have very good care in XXXXXXX  That's the second time for me and found excellent
We need better health care providers. Sending people home when blood tests are not good is not very beneficial to patients.
We need more PSW.  More basic care.  Let nurses do the work they are trained for.
We should have a bigger hospital, and it should be cleaner then it is.
We were 9 patients in SSU so I had a bad night always noisy and people moving around all night.  Staff where great.
We were in hospital 5 days. Referral to physio & OT was made. Neither PT or OT came prior to discharge.
We were not given any instruction about changing bandages at home  "hip replacement"
We were referred to XXX by our local emerg dept at XXXXXXXXXX.  XXXXXXXXXXXX drs were expecting us so our wait time was not at all typical.  Even the ultrasound tech stayed OT for us because we were sent.
We were told to be in XXXXXXX at 6 AM told at the hospital we should have been there at 4:00 AM  Spent 6:00 AM to 6:00 PM without food  Most staff did not know why I was there.
We were very pleased with my entire stay and would recommend your hospital to everyone.  Thank you so much.
We were very pleased with the care we received by all nurses and doctors.  They made us feel comfortable during a stressful time.
We would have liked more transparency about the potential length of stay.  We realize how busy the hospital is however knowing that it could be a week or more for the procedure from the onset would have been preferred.  It would have been better then getting hopes up every day
Weekends at the hospital meaning XXXXXXXXX very poor service.  No order and the nurse working was retired was trying to call in staff but no one would come into work  Little sad.  I'm glad my heart attack didn't happen on a weekend  Also, my nurse explained my condition in english where my doctor didn't
Well done  X
Well I had a great stay and everyone was awesome  My doctors and all staff  Thanks  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Well looked after
Well my nurses were the best.
Well organized & very courteous  Food ok but luke warm
Well taken care.
Well treated
Well you waited way too long and the food is not good and they don't clean the hospital it's dirty and the food stink. The nurse don't listen to you the doctor say one thing and then they don't come back
Went to after hours clinic & was sent to emerg from there for hydration - the hydration (IV) could have been administered while waiting - it was 8 hours before IV was inserted.
What are the policy rules of hospital when you have a "registered-licensed service dog"  Nobody seems to know?
When a patient is transferred to another hospital they should be told they may have to arrange their transport back home.  Also remind them to bring clothes.
When arrived at hospital emergency by ambulance, I waited too darn long, weak + left sitting in a wheelchair 5hrs before being examined in emerg.  XXX had my history of seizures or weak spells.  A lot of other people in waiting room (no masks) All during covid outbreak.
When being discharge a family member needs to be notified if not a family member the long term care facility should be notified.  No one was notified.
When I arrived at emergency I don't remember very much  All I could remember being in ambulance
When I arrived by XXXXX from XXXXXXXXXXX, I was placed in a regular 2 patient room with good lighting & TV after 2 nights I was moved to a room at end of hall which was previously an office - no bathroom, no lighting at head of bed, no TV so my next 5 nights & days were long and less comfortable than I would have liked  Yes - I know - crowding, not enough beds, etc etc etc
When I entered labour and delivery (in labour) the nurse at the front counter told me it likely wasn't labour as I had a sweep the previous day.  This completely made me panic due to the amount of pain I was in.  Labour and delivery was awesome had lots of great care.  Post partum care was good ... I felt like I was receiving conflicting info from the nurses in NICU and the postpartum nurses.  It also likely wasn't the intention of the one nurse (and likely due to hormones) but she made me feel bad about things like over feeding my baby and breast feeding.  I would have liked a bit more help or guidance with that.
When I go to the hospital it is mostly for breathing or bowl obstruction problems.  Bowl problems are extreme pains and the wait time to see a doctor could be up to 7 or eight hours.
When I got moved to they 8th floor from the 5th.  Family tough visiting hours were till 930 a nurse told my son very rudely to get out right now and hurry to say bye to me
When I left hospital, I did not have a treatment plan - a diagnosis or prognosis.  There wasn't anything for certain but I was to follow up with my family physician which I did
When I pay for semi private room I expect to have what my insurance pays for not a ward
When I visited hospital, I was almost 7 weeks pregnant. I visited hospital when I got severe cramps and bleeding. The doctor told me that I am having miscarriage. I came back home but none told me that what I need to have to have my body clean now. After 2 days, I felt severe pain in my abdominal and went to use washroom. I felt something passed out. The doctor did not tell me anything about that.
When I was admitted in hospital in emergency, my mother in law as well but I didn't tell her I was there.  When she was discharged her nurse came to me and said that my mom was gone which I panicked (because my mom has dementia) but actually it was my mother in law  I don't know how she got that info, then processed to to bring her in my room which I was isolation.  She has COPD.  In opinion she shouldn't been in my room  The only reason she brought her to me it was because they had to wait for a ambulance
When I was admitted, my meds were not ordered for two days until the doctor inquired then the next morning she said good morning trouble maker. The staff were excellent I returned XXXXX on 5th floor and received excellent care.
When I was discharged from hospital, a xxxxx (XXXX) came in my room, did a quick visual look at me and said "I'm not sick enough" to have nursing care at home with my wife's help and family dr, I am now getting the care that I need ironically, my xxxxx xxxxx that came to see me at my home asked if I would be interested in going to rehabilitation hospital to build up muscles and my strength how different are these (2) nurses about my level of care, from one extreme to another what is wrong with our heath care system today?  My wife will give herself a heart attack before too long advocating on my behalf for basic personal care for me!
When I was done with my surgery was in own room their was no food for the patients.  Order chicken for super, that had a sandwich instead..
When I was moved from XXXXXXX to XXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXX was not aware of me coming  Caused a lot of confusion XX
When I was transferred from critical to 7 floor I had a young rude nurse that jerked, pulled on my arm very hard pulling me to a seated position causing me increased pain then refused to whip me.  That's when a good nurse intervened.  Keep in mind I have 37 staples from a (unreadable) - lung surgery.
When I went in I was on a DNR which neither my husband or I was asked about  My husband had it remove.
When I went to leave my running shoes were missing  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
When in hosp XXXXXXXX a sign was posted all around room unknown to me that I was carrying some infection  The xxxxx nurse never come near me to explain anything + felt like a piece of dirt.
When my appointment was made for XXXXXXXXX and cancelled to XXXXXXX, my blood count was to low - and everything went down from then - Doctors are too hurry and stressed to look at the big picture and take the time.
When my doctor leaves to check papers or results, they instead send me someone else to give me my prescription when I still have many questions and I have no idea what they are prescribing to me.
When my husband was release, he was all bruise chest, r arm  No one explained to me why?  I took photos of the bruise, for further - I am as I'm XXXXXXXXXXXX.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX (wife)  Dated XXXXXXXXXXXX  Copied note he has still bruise but going away, it's better then before  Ok now.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
When neurologist specialist get stumped with your condition they walk away & leave you to find other avenues to find your solutions.
When people are on special diet would be nice to have available such as clear fluid they only had water or tell pt to bring juices in preadmission.  If I was warned I would have brought my own.
When taking my blood pressure it was to tight.
When they came to clean my room it could have been cleaned better
When they gave me something for the pain, no one asked if it was effective. (Which it wasn't) sent home on Tylenol Ex. Str of no value  Ended up with shingles - severe pain.
When they were changing shifts.  Needed assistance.  Didn't realize they didn't answer the buzzer when this is happening.  I was having a anxiety attack.  They explain when they arrived in my room my only concern was if it was a more serious problem.
When you are trying to rest and there is all the noise going on out in the hallway  Noise on the upper floor of dragging things across the floor at all hours
When you go to hospital by ambulance and get sent to waiting room when your having a heart attack and people going in before you that a problem waiting 1 hrs to go in back!
When you really have a health problem you are taken care of right away with all professional ability doctors and nurses have.  After all, they are there for just that emergency.
When you sick the hospital is where you need to be.
While I sat in the waiting room with my husband (waiting for more bloodwork to be done) not one person (cleaning staff) went into the public washroom in over a 3 hr span to clean the washrooms.  There were quite a few seedy looking characters that were in and out of these washrooms.  That should be addressed (those washrooms should be cleaned every hour.  That is important!  It is a hospital.  Thank you for listening.  XX
While I understand that the hospital was overflowing with people coming to the ER for influenza, I was at first placed in a TV room with 3 other women and was later moved to the hallway. Thankfully it was only for 1 night that I was in the hallway, but I certainly could not sleep while there and I felt like an inconvenience as my bed was blocking someone's office. I had to use 1 of 2 communal washrooms, 1 of which was in a room where 3 women were staying and it was highly uncomfortable to disturb them or enter their room while doctors were talking to them or nurses were changing them, etc. (issue of confidentiality and privacy). I do not have a solution for these issues, but wanted the hospital to be aware. Lastly, this stay was for 2 nights and was my first time away from my X month old baby. After the first night I was told I'd be discharged the morning after 1 more night as they only wanted to ensure I was symptom-free for 24 hours. That morning I was ready and excited to go but ended up waiting until after 12:00 pm for the doctor to see me. By that time I was crying as I just wanted to get home to my baby and asked the nurse if I could just leave without seeing the doctor. The nurse explained the process and I was ready to sign the documents and just leave. When the nurse told the doctor this, he arrived within 5 minutes. My suggestion is that doctors are initially made aware of which patients are ready for discharge and these patients are seen first. This would not only make patients happy as they can then go home, but would also free up space more quickly for people waiting for a bed (although I was in a hallway...).
While in recovery my family was called to come back from XXXXXXXX to XXXXXXX at 12.40 PM to stay with me (for 23 hrs straight) because there wasn't enough nurses working.  There was also a shortage of nursing staff to cover shifts on 4th floor.
While my stay in the hospital I ask for a walker.  Was told a xxxxx was going to come to visit with me.  I was there 7 days and xxxxx never came to see me.  Nurse helped me to go to the bathroom.
While on a clear fluid diet why was I given a knife + fork?  50% waste in cutlery
While waiting in ER till 5:20am  No one checked on me  ER nurses on night shift gossiped ate, used cell phone continually caught nurse picking nurse and wiping on clothes  When on ward - nurses took to long to attend to another patients buzzer  Turned on all lights disturbing other patients
While waiting in room for doctor it was not busy.  Nurses were on their phones sitting down - talking about how they can't wait to get their hair dyed and done after this pandemic - taking away from the other dr and nurses who were probably working their butt off upstairs on other floors  Send them to help  Sorry!
Why aren't your students at x-ray department not able to speak fluent English?
Why do patients go to three different departments to answer nearly the same question sit and wait hours between, then wait four hours for blood work, talk to dr and the wait another hour for tests and the not see doctor for answers.
WHY is the food so poor?  Get someone in charge who can improve it.  Soup was to water, for instance  Nurses talk way too loudly to each other in the halls and outside rooms.  It's annoying!
Why repeat the questions more than once
Wish hosp. was cleaned more often.
Wish long lasting facial scarring was taken into account during my visit.  No stitch nor butterfly bandaid, was particularly concerned for concussion which I am grateful for but it ia very noticable scar for a young woman to have on her face.
Wished you had a received more information about at home care  Need to hear about resources that we could of used.
With as busy as everyone was, & COVID 19, it was so comforting to have people who took the time to comfort & assure us we were safe & were well taken care of my thanks to all who took care of me  Thanks to all XXXXXXXXXX
With exception of the 1 xxxxx & the food the stay was excellent.
Wonderful experience with all hospital staff  Everyone made a difficult time much easier to handle  Many thanks and keep up the great work!
Working showers for those that are capable on the cardiac recovery floor would have been nice.  But overall the nurses and doctors, caring for myself and other patients within ear and eyesight did an excellent job.  I couldn't thank their overworked butts enough.  True Saviors and Heroes.
Would be helpful to know if there was an outbreak of infection eg. C. difficile in hospital/surgical floor during my stay.  How is risk managed for compromised patients eg. post operatively.
Would have been better to be supplied with spare rolls of tape for daily showers + tension bandage removal + re-install (i.e. showering + "tape" of bag over cost) overall, very satisfied!
Would have been nice to have the staff and nurses wear name tags so I knew their name.
Would like to give a big thank you to the nurse who step in and told the doctor to give me a urine test.  Without her, doctor was sending me home once again without finding out my problem.
Would like to see more hospitals in XXXXXXX for more emergency care  Also more beds are needed so patients do not have to say in places where they give people baths  No windows - also people in hallways - which some are on there death bed
Would like to thank all doctors, nurses and other staff @ XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (3rd floor) for all the help and comfort given to me while in unit  Job well done by everyone  Definitely grateful to have healed/recovered under great care.
Would of liked my condition put on my paper with script so I could researched it more.
Would recommend the hospital stay awesome.  Staff were excellent  Always in a good mood.  Doctors were informative and always patient when asked a question.
Would recommend this hospital to anyone.
XX had a stroke unable to answer survey
XXX- Doctors,Nurses,PSWs and all support staff were professional and easy to deal with , Doctors here saved my life and all other support staff nursed me back to functional health, I will continue my journey as an outpatient now- I have nothing but respect and praise for the staff at XXX , ICU , IRU and 6 floor staff !
XXX is a very good hospital  Good services and all the personnel is very friendly and courteous, I appreciated the good service and treatment I had there  Thanks to all
XXX is a wonderful hospital.  My experience there was superb.
XXX is awesome
XXX needs a lactation specialist at hospital prior to discharge far to difficult to go to public health unit with a newborn!
XXX was excellent, staff were very knowledgeable & helpful ; facility was clean & organized.  Cardiac unit was busy crowded understaffed.  When moved to this unit the room was poorly cleaned from previous patient.
XXX XXXXXXX staff, Drs were great.  Add ventricular arrythmia - had been transferred by ambulance XXXXX from XXXXXXXXX.  Required cardio ablation - referred to XXXXX last test XXX - MRI XXXXXXXXX Had to wait for bed in XXXXX.  Did not get flown to XXXXX - XXXXXXXXXX.  It took my husband to call XXXX patient advocate to get a flight.  Great number of days, I took up a bed increased response for health care.  XXXX needs more resources!  Emailed xxxxx- he didn't even respond.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX xxxxx did respond.  Given my condition - hospital to hospital transfer was requested by cardiologist - ventricular arrythmia could have resulted in sudden death.  XXXXX said they could not fly me because they needed 2 advanced critical care paramedics which they did not have!  xxxxx for XXXXXX was exceptional - she listened, understood the problem and consulted XXXXX physician who upgraded me to URGENT.
XXXX in ICU was very professional + explained things to me
XXXX is providing a tremendous service, showing genuine care & concern for my recovery  My wife XXXXXX & I are most grateful  (Written with my recovering right hand  Broken wrist)  XXXXXXX
XXXX is the best nurse I ever met  Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX is very professional
XXXXX - Nurse in cardiac recovery was excellent & very professional
xxxxx - XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX  Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX  Nurses on acute (unreadable) unit  Were amazing!  XXXXXXX is very lucky to have these folks.
xxxxx emergency nurse XXX was fabulous and made me very comfortable.
xxxxx to take more care in seeing blankets are on order + patient is warm
XXXXXX - was the day of surgery and was to spend a few days in hospital.  My IV machine kept beeping and the nurse commented I was a pain in the ***.  And XXXXXX she was also making fun of my snoring with the patient in the next bed  Very unprofessional  It took her a long time to come when I rang the bell.
XXXXXXXXX I had a cystoscopy, Ureteroscopy, stent insertion and TURBT done @ XXX day surgery. Stent removed XXXXXXX  XXXXXXXXXX I had the video assisted thoracoscopic surgery with the 2 nights stay. Going to the bathroom was standing by the bedside to fill the container.
XXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXX was the best visit I had at ER, short waiting and good care.  You should have asked me about my ER visit XXXXXXXXX.  That visit was a disaster.  It is cause of this visit that I had to return to ER XXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXX needs to get fired - worst nurse ever!  Numerous complaints from other staff/patients about her also.
XXXXXXXXXXXX  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  To whom it may concern:  I've received your second survey requesting my feedback regarding my wife's stay in the hospital.  My wife, XXXXXXXXXXXXXX, passed away at home four short days after being released form the hospital.  The people that treated her were caring, and I will not complain about them or the services they provided her with.  What I do believe, however, is that they system failed her.  She was a very sick woman and during her stay, she was put through hell.  Many unfortunate happenings that could have and should have been avoided.  I have internalized that week for over a month now and have kept those stories to myself but wanted to ensure you knew the system needs work.  If you're interested in discussing these things verbally, not through a letter or survey, I'd be happy to speak to you.  I can be reached at XXXXXXXXXXXX.  Regards, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
XXXXXXXXXXXX doctors & nurses are very through in their care giving and very good diagnosing
XXXXXXXXXXXXX is very busy place but well organized.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX  Told my husband 2 sisters/brother in law  My niece and great niece I had had a stroke so severe I would not wake up and if I did I would be a total vegetable  My daughter was called as they wanted to disconnect life support between my 2 daughters in XXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXX they decided to send me to XXXXXXX  Best move ever!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to blood work to admission XXXXXXX...4:30 to 8:30 in admissions before taken into emerg. XXXXXXX breast reduction and tummy tuck. Sat in chair from 4:30 to 9:30 until emerg bed 8:30 to 9:30 before taken to a bed and nurse follow up review with my surgeon indicates oxygen levels would have been a good indication of PE considering post OP.    Could the stroke have been prevented had paramedic/admission/emerge wait time been assessed more effectively.. XXXXXXX left emerg approx 11:30 admitted to Stroke unit
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was excellent
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a wonderful caring and professional hospital.  The care I received there was exceptional.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a very professional hospital + has lots of empathy towards the patients.  I would recommend this health establishment to anyone.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is an amazing institution  Special thanks to XXXX, XXXXX, + XXXXXX in orthopedics.  also, Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX did fantastic work.  I was off all meds within 14 days of discharge.  Thank you!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was far superior to XXXXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXX.  I never rec'd a survey from XXXXXXXXXXXXX why?
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  I went in for a hip replacement XXXXXXXXXX  I having second hip replacement done - in XXXXXXXXXXXXX  I cannot believe they send patient home the same day, I was fortunate they kept me overnight but, I was not ready to go home.  I live on my own.  There was not the help I needed, I try to get help.  My daughter drove 400 miles had to take two weeks off of work and leave her family  Hospitals need to keep patient longer.  Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes
Yes - I was most definitely released from hospital too fast - bed was stripped before I was ever dressed
Yes  Thank you for the great care I was well looked after  XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes - The doctors were great  The nurses were great  Any check mark I made that wasn't perfect was due to my disgusting meeting with xxxxx either XXXXXXXXXX or XXXXXXXXXX I would appreciate apology and a promise no other patient put in the position that I was put in  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  My XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Experience  I am hoping this isn't a waste of time  I wouldn't want any other patient to go through the hospital mismanagement I went through, all the doctors, nurses were great - Manager XXXXXXXXXX not capable of working or dealing with patients as far as I'm concerned. MY HOSPITAL STAY  XXXXXX - I arrive 9:30 AM at hospital, I have very bad peripheral neuropathy and I fell and broke my ankle, I meet Dr XXXX and had emerg surgery around noon. After surgery Dr XXXX comes to see me, says I will have the temp cast removed the next day, he will check my ankle, and put on air cast. XXXXXX  He asked me how I was getting home to XXXXXXXXXXX (2 hour drive)  I said my wife in a car, he asked about my house - steps etc, I told him we have steps and it was very difficult to get out of my home and painful with my leg down, Dr XXXX said it was unsafe for me to travel like that, he said for my wife to go home and I would be going home by ambulance. My wife and sister in law then went back home to XXXXXXXXXXX. Dr XXXX said I must have my leg up in the air, any infection + amputation immediately. I have air cast put on + go back to my hospital room. One hour to two hours later some xxxxx (XXXXXXXXXX or possibly XXXXXXXXXX) shows up in my room with my ward nurse XXXXXXX, and in xxxxx arrogant sort of way says to me - We got to talk. I said about what, xxxxx says no ambulance can I call my wife to pick me up. I said my wife was just sent home by Dr XXXX, xxxxx wants me to go home in ambulance. xxxxx said do I have any friend to take the 2 hour drive to pick me up, I said Dr XXXX wants my foot up in an ambulance. xxxxx said xxxxx would be back and for me to find alternative ride home. I thought about it for 1/2 an hour or so, and the madder I got about the whole situation. My nurse XXXXXXX came back, took my blood pressure and said WOW, it was sky high and I have never had high blood pressure in my life. I asked her why this XXXXXXXXXX came in with her, she said she didn't know and she didn't feel comfortable. I asked her if she would go get xxxxx back and for her to please not come in my room with xxxxxx. She said she would but not until I calmed down a bit and my blood pressure was better, 1/2 hour later XXXXX comes back. I said I had thought about it, I'm not calling anyone, I am going home in the ambulance Dr XXXX promised. XXXXX says the dr had no business promising an ambulance, and XXXXX says xxxxx has 18 people in bed waiting for ambulance. I said so what are you meeting with patients for maybe you should be meeting with the doctors, I told him I wasn't there to solve xxxxx problems, xxxxx said xxxxx would have me there for a week, I said to xxxxx to get out of my room. After this some lady came to see me, told me what a great xxxxx xxxxx was and that xxxxx was stressed, I told her I had no use for the xxxxx and keep xxxxx away from me. The next day I was told to get ready to go home, the ambulance was there and going back to XXXXXXXXXXX, a while later my nurse came and told me the ambulance went back to XXXXXXXXXXX empty, once again my blood pressure went up, I had called my wife and told her I was coming home, then I had to call her back. The next night I was told again I was going home the ambulance from XXXXXXXXXXX is here right now, then 1/2 hour later I am told I may not be going home, they are having meetings about taking me and it doesn't look good. I told my nurse if I don't go home tonight I'm writing to every newspaper in XXXXXXX, by the way I also told that XXXXX character the same thing. They finally decided to give me a ride instead of going back to XXXXXXXXXXX empty again. My doctor was great, I went back 2 weeks later, this XXXXXXXXXX that told me Dr XXXX n't been there that long and that he was going to straighten him out, according to Dr XXXX, he has heard nothing, I guess this XXXXX character just deals with the sick patients. I can't say enough about the doctor, his staff, my nurses, even the janitors, but the mismanagement of ambulances, and this XXXXXXXXXX character, absolutely ridiculous and I would certainly not want to see another patient go through what I did. Thanks and it would be nice to get a follow up after the time and effort I took in this matter, but I'm not expecting one  Thanks  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes  We were put in a TV room with 3 other women.  And no bathroom  The care wasn't the best
Yes - your food is terrible what ever happened to hospital kitchens?
Yes a xxxxx nurses ask if I was drinking + fell out the door or if my husband pushed me  I was insulted by this I don't drink and never had ask any who knows me  I sooner eat my money not drink it.  This happened at my first visit
Yes about 20 years ago I had emergency for a bypass at the hospital at XXXXXXXXXXXXXX about 20 yrs for my 6 bypass at hospital XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  Ms. XXXXXXX - XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  Pls sometime I shake XX yrs old
Yes and hospital in general, also she has been using the name "XXXXXX" for XX years.  Same with all friends and family.  But old Catholic birth certificate says "XXXXX".  Every Catholic child back then, had "XXXXX" in their names  Boys had the name "XXXXXX"  Imagine you are XX, in pain, sick, have had a stroke, initial senility, under stress & you are called by a name you have never used.  How would you feel?  So from now on I shall call all male politicians and bureaucrats XXXXXX all females will be addressed as XXXXX.  Fair enough, right?  XXXXX for XXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes both hospital had a lot of turkey for supper in hospital for week had 4 day out of 7.
Yes but rather difficult to explain on paper, if you wish to contact me I can be reached at XXXXXXXXXXXX or XXXXXXXXXXXX thank you
Yes comments I left on XXXXXXXXXXXX the day before and overnight very cold in my room.  When I left on the XXXXXXXXXX, got home with bad cold.  Admit to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for a  full week for recovery
Yes day take could care of me  Tank you
Yes during my stay at the hospital someone stole my cell phone.  My nurse at the time was really helpful.  I thought I had left it on my breakfast tray so she contacted the kitchen.  It took 2 days for the kitchen to respond to me this was way to long.
Yes I had a good experience while I was there for a fractured hip.  Everyone was great ot me.  When ever I needed them.  And I can see they are still doing a great job with this virus.
Yes I think we need more nursing care and definitely more doctors
Yes I waited 4 hrs and left and saw no doctor. I recently had my prostate scraped and I needed to look after myself and I could do that better at home.
Yes I would like to share something as great as the overall service was, one of the things I thoroughly did not appreciate was the insistent comment from a nurse that she was adamant that she was not going to lift me to transfer me onto a bed when I was transferred form recovery room into the assigned room that I was going to stay in during the rest of my convalescence.  Her back was extremely sore and she wasn't going to make it worse for herself and injure her back.  She was loud and clear, she said she was overworked she was only suppose to get 4 patients and had already had seven.  The other nurses or assistants (all women) tried to calm her down, finally one nurse took her into the hallway and told her how totally unprofessional she was as she guided her out of the room.  It was completely and utterly embarrassing for me, I don't think this should of ever happened.  I just had a kidney removed because it was cancerous can you imagine how I felt?  It totally insulted my being.  Thank god I didn't see her again except for the last day when I was discharged.  She was suppose to be assigned to me she managed to weasel her way out of it and another nurse helped with my release that day I was grateful for that.  No other incident happened during my stay, the crew of other nurses were wonderful.  However this one incident was completely unacceptable, I hesitated whether I should report it or not but felt I needed to bring it to someone's attention.  I must say thank you for the wonderful care I received overall I'm healing well but this memory - I'll never forget it.  Regards, XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX PS I'm sorry for the delay in responding I went to stay with my daughter in XXXXXXXXXXX
Yes I would like to share that I had to sleep in the hallway the last night of my stay from 3 00 AM to 11 00 AM before discharge
Yes knowing I went in emergency then told to go home.  Sent to specialist office and got sent back to hospital next day.  Waste of time when I was there the night before.
Yes my family doctor was surprised that no xrays were taking on the night of my accident  I had lower back injuries, right hand and a mild concussion  So he did the follow up a few days later.
Yes my IV broke at night the young nurse tried to fix it 3 times night nurse tried 5 time a xxxxx nurse tried 3 times, finally the xxxxx gone in 4 more picks and she got it going, not pleasant.
Yes my son tried to find out how I was doing and they told him they couldn't find me anywhere he was upset about that let family know where patience where they are.
Yes my special thanks to lovely nurse XXXXXXXXXXX for the work to replace the catheter she had to stop excessive bleeding from the urethra, then bandage from the tip of the big one.  Also Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for the procedure to repair the enlarge prostate
Yes some of your secretaries need manor training.  Not everybody know what to do or go because they don't go there often  They don't need to be to boldly now I guess I will not be treated right because the code on here tells you who I am.
Yes the bedroom where I was put did not have a bathroom and that is not right.  There should not be beds where there is no washrooms.
Yes the food not good cold.  Disgraceful.
Yes the government should stop cut backs in health care so hospital should be able to have more hours helping staff so our hospitals could be cleaner.  The nurses and doctors are amazing.  Like I said hospitals need more housekeeping staff.
Yes the staff that took care of my were very nice and know there job.  I never stayed over night in a hospital 2 nights.  They made me feel very comfortable.  Thank you XXXX
Yes to short of a stay leaving without catheter and I ended up in ER in XXXXXXXX to have catheter inserted and had to stay overnight.
Yes!  Diet in particular  I am a celiac - had a hard time getting something to eat  Ultimately I lost weight due to the fact that all I could consume safely was salads and milk and fruit - when available.
Yes!  It is annoying that we patients have to find our own way home after being treated and discharged
Yes!  When I had Whippell surgery last XXXXXX picked up (unreadable) in hospital.  There was NOT the cleaning being done that should have been + also after 7 days had to argue to get sheets changed.  Not very nice after major surgery.
Yes, anytime a patient is taken from their room early because the room is required for an Emergency Room patient.  The staff put me in a 'Shower Room" until the doctor was able to release me, but there wasn't a bathroom for me + nobody told me where I could use the facilities.  I had to find my nurse to find out where I could use a bathroom!
Yes, did not notice any security people around.  People beside us swearing and vaping in the washroom.  The prices you make us pay unbelievable.
Yes, get better, food, wasn't the best to eat.
Yes, I am allergic to asprin and both doctor and nurse insisted that I took medication or w/ asprin even after I told them that I had allergies to asprin!  My pharmacist caught it!
Yes, I have serious back issues and I was never offered x-rays and I should of been!  I was given muscle relaxers & dismissed quickly.
Yes, in the recovery room I was not given any warm blankets for a long time.  I was very cold, too sleepy to say anything.  Like I am cold, finally someone put warm blankets on me.  The move to my hospital room, now in my room I then ask the nurse if I could have something to eat.  It was 5:00 PM when I got received clear soup and coffee  Regular dinner time, the nurse said she made the request to the kitchen but I miss out, because it was past lunch time, and there was nothing more she could do.  I said I need to eat something.  I told her I was not feel well, light headed, please get me something, she then gave me some cookies which made me feel worse too much sugar makes me not feel good.  Surgery when well, after the surgery was terrible.  My surgery was at 10: AM
Yes, my care was excellent and thank the OR (unreadable).  He was excellent.  Not satisfied with egg salad sandwiches.  Super.  Time meal needed, diabetic meal and not regular.
Yes, the doctor information to me was excellent.
Yes, the night of my visit it was a very quiet night therefore my answers reflect that.  Thanks for the great service.  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes, the nurses that cared for me were very understanding.  Bedside manner was great.  Very caring people including the doctors I dealt with.
Yes, why pay for semi-private and being placed in a ward.  I (unreadable) my several different problems
Yes.  I was "checked" and looked after "well."  Note:  I had intravenous antibiotic was not told (why).  My dr called the next day and told me my problem and said I had to get antibiotic for 7 days as I had "bladder infection."
Yes.  I was in over a long weekend (surgery XXXXX before).  The nurses were all run off their feet.  You need more nurses.  The nurses were excellent!!  Perhaps, in lieu of CEOs getting big raises it would be better to hire more nurses & give them a raise & other workers.
Yes.  Last visit computer system was down at hospital + they had been warned about this days before + it seemed for the overhaul that was being done.  Also the nurses at the emergency desk were playing games right across the rooms that patients were in waiting for call..  I know for a fact that the system was going to be down a few days prior so no reason for not being prepared.  Another concern I have is that some doctors talking to patients in the emergency waiting room about their problems in front of other patients that are sitting there waiting to be seen.  I would think that whatever he has to say to the patient should be done one on one not in front of other patients.
Yes.  The doctors + nurses + PSWs were fantastic.  They all treated me with care + respect.  I truly admire them and can't thank them enough.
Yes:  When I did my pre registration, I was told that I would get a semi private room, even though I was to stay one night.  Ended up staying 2 nights, I was kept in the recovery room for  2 nights.  Just saying and what did they charge the insurance company?
You all did a super job be safe to me and your family
You are doing a fantastic job.  Keep it up and thank you for everything you do.
You are doing a great job  Thank you so much!
You could speed up the visit
You have excellent staff
You need dieticians on each floor  After my surgery, I was put on a soft diet.  Two of my meals were roast beef dinner & beef stew  I'm not supposed to eat beef!  Get it together!
You need more nurses & cleaning staff
You need more staff.  The nurses aer overworked + have little time for small courtesy like fresh water etc.
You need to have sprayers puffing out antibacterial like Lysol or something less intense - because I got so sick with flu (I believe) while waiting and I have not been sick in years!!!
You need to improve the quality of food.  When in the hallway 4th flor the overhead lights never dimmed at night - very difficult to get a good sleep.
You need to let people have access to showers those of us that can
You saved my life!  What more can I say
You should consider that I am nearly XX years old + pretty well deaf, makes communications harder to grasp + I'm slower to grasp new information  XXXX
You should survey the food served also.  Food is terrible.  Waiting 24 hours or more to get a bed is so very wrong.
Young lady intern was amazing  Keep her in XXXXXXX!
Your 3rd floor is the best caring floor for rehab I was there in XXX for a hip & XXX for a stroke I was so happy to go back on the 3rd floor - drs - nurses - staff -  They are the best I could not have asked for better care  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Your emerg. dept is very dirty throughout needs on update to be more germ free, painting the areas and new chairs would be a plus.
Your ER suck there is no privacy you are in a room with 6-7 people.  They came and took blood, tell you about your test and even give you diagnostic in the hallway.
Your food department is the worst in history  I would (unreadable) that for any (unreadable).  No visitors our stay  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Your nurses should do one on one reporting to each other too much chart reading  Patients ignored by PSW until final admission stay.  Food is very good kudos
Your nurses were always helpful & willing to help in anyway possible Dr. XXXXXXXXXX was always cheery & uplifting & friendly - not condescending like other dr's I have met.  All in all, my stay was very pleasurable in fact I hated to leave - remember I'm single and not served at bedside when I am at home!
Your nursing ex - your food I not feed to my hogs
Your staff did a fine job  I had no complaints/concerns whatsoever!  Thank you so much!!!
Your staff of nurses are amazing.  But very obviously understaffed  They run all day & all night & yet keep up very friendly attitudes.  I felt badly for how hard they go for 12 hours
Your volunteers are super great.  Nice touch
Your XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is well managed.  All services incl. professional are excellent.  XXX
1. Play and learn should be a full day not just half day. 2. They should behavior therapy in the hospital.  3. Recreation activities like swimming classes and make their staff more aware of the Patients in the program so they know before the patient go there. Simplify the process to enroll in the activities.  Also for the Connect care portal should make a mobile app for that. I am happy to assist.
1. The food was not child friendly.  My child generally only ate breakfast there and then I provided the other meals of the day which was quite challenging.  2. The nursing staff is very nice and kind, but I didn't feel like they provided enough supervision through the night.  Perhaps there are less frequent night rounds when they know a parent is present to not disturb them?  Also, the bed alarm on my child's bed didn't alert anyone, his room is too far from the nurses station to hear it when it went off.  Took them 10 mins to come check and by then I had figured out how to turn it off (I had let my child out of his bed to go to the washroom).  3. The options for inpatient vs day patient vs outpatient weren't clearly explained at the beginning of our stay.  We would have advocated for our child to be a day patient if we knew better because it would have been so much better sleep and meal wise for our family as our child's nursing needs were low and he didn't need to be an inpatient.  4. Those hard red chairs that are provided for parents to sleep on are awful.  I didn't sleep through the night once and woke up with so much pain every morning.  There should be more done to support parents who are there, as they end up providing most of the care to the children.
29. Skipped.  I feel cohesives between different doctors and therapists we saw.  Although they were helpful I had to initiate  anything I wanted them to address.  Also felt there was a lot more therapy when he was younger.  His therapy was not discussed with him just discussed with me.  Delivery of rehabilitation like physio is very limited and limiting to receive them.   Could only receive them at XXXXXXXXX.  The therapy seemed prescribe  like it is the same for everyone it is not individualized.    One person had to go to XXXXXXXXX everyday.  Post operative therapy was excluded you because it was just offered at that location.  Acceptability to therapy is very hard  hard to access the services.   I was never involved in the plan of care and I think assumptions were made that somebody said something but nobody said anything.
99.9% excellent.  Event occurred just before discharged that still haunts patient  Pte normally stoic & sedate.  Severe pain from infection during night cause pte to be transferred back to XXXXXXXXX for antibiotic IV.  Pte screaming - pain not addressed.  Scolded by nursing staff that she needed to be quiet  Alternative medicine nor superior staff not consulted  So much agony - roommate who has been crying out day & night who XXXX never complained about  - Requested another room  I did call nursing manager following day for explanation  Still not clear what transpired.  XXXX since then afraid to be alone at night  Over now pins removed last week  XXXX says a student nurse told her to "be quiet" - she closed the door & told her if she doesn't stop they would call her parents  I wish they did!  - Also XXXX needed to be able to call me  I would have drove to XXXXXXX that night at this pt  She was a pte for weeks with never a complaint from her!  XXXXXXXXXXX
About appointment should be faster.
All good
All good!
All good!
All I can say is thank you to XX staffs, you guys are wonderful and happy people.  We appreciate your care for our family
All I want to say is thank you from the bottom of my heart.  Me and my family are forever grateful to every staff member in the hospital.
All is well
All my answers are based on only 1 time visit.
All of the staff we have encountered at XX have been kind, helpful and knowledgeable.  We are grateful for and have appreciated all of the professional info and care our daughter has received.
All the staff & dr's were caring!  XXXXXXXXX is without a doubt a top notch hospital.  Thank you too all!
All the staff that assisted me and my son were excellent  You all do wonderful work and the children in your care are lucky to have you all!  Thank you!
All the staffs that I met at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX are very helpful, professional + friendly  I appreciate this!  Thank you
All weekly outpatient visits were cancelled with no option given to go virtually.  Only a seating, dental and orthotic appt were had during COVID time.
Always good.
Amazing experience, great staff. Felt that the care given was about expectations and all help possible was given. Accomplished goals we did not think were possible so soon
Appreciate the help received  Thanks + keep up the good job
As a family very grateful services are incomparable. Very happy with the care that is done there.
As always, wonderful care.
As always, XX has been fantastic with my son the level of care and professionalism is outstanding.
Awesome nursing staff on XXXX!  XXXXXX excellent therapist.  Food prep staff very friendly but need to improve menu!  More storage in rooms for parents.  Rec staff excellent.  XXXXXX, XXXXXXXX, & XXXXXXXX.
Be good if they could connect the care with the school.  He goes every day  so nice to be able to work together.  Good communication between school and hospital.
Being able to email therapists would be great.  Meeting room for social worker appointments was never on my schedule.
Besides the waiting time to secure services, I would say the hospital is great at what they do  My son will start therapies soon, he was seen when he was little and it was a very good experience.  We are grateful!
Best experience and I really appreciate it and they helped allot with the transition for hospital to school
Best place for kids with disabilities very happy
Beyond impressed with the services of the concussion clinic.
Big thank you to XXXXX (PT) XXXXX (OT) & all the nurses in XXXX
Care is always excellent with awesome follow up where needed.
Changing rooms to private accommodations with caregiver in other bed, equipment in room and patient able to use the in room bathroom would have made this so much better for me.
Continue to make roommates close in age to help with sleeping schedules.  - Consider moving med times earlier than 8 PM/AM as it's always a rush for bed/getting to school in the AM.
Covid has made communication challenging.
Covid interruption was not good.  Other than that.
Dealing with my child's health-care team has always been a very positive experience.  They are all knowledgeable and encouraging.
Doctor was irritable + rushed my son who has processing speed issues.  Was not approachable.  Although understandable to a degree as equipment was faulty/missing + broken - environment unprepared - he was nasty + irritable before this.  Caused my son actual pain + discomfort + was very arrogant - affecting care  Eye clinic was where we were
Doctor XXXXXXXXXXXX has always great with XXXXXX and us  she was very helpful.  Programs staff are all great too.
Don't just go with what amount of time - it took others to receive and get the discharge time.  Look at the child and their needs and plan the discharge date based on what the child's needs are
Dr. XXXX was amazing to me and my step son. Very through and compassionate.
Dr. XXXXXX + staff were wonderful people.  They were all attentive to our needs, listened, patience + knowledgeable.  We will definitely miss the people who cared for our son's health.  Wish we didn't have to leave and transition to the adult world.  Wonderful care!!  Miss you all.  Wishing you all health and happiness always!!  Take care  Be safe!!
Dr. XXXXXX is amazing!!
Dr. XXXXXXX and the neuromuscular team is top notch. Amazing care!
Dr. XXXXXXXX has been absolutely fantastic.  Her approach is warm, gentle, sweet and sensitive.  I feel comfortable enough to cry with her and express my sadness and fears for the uncertainty of XXXXXXX's future.  Dr. XXXXXXXX has definitely made our visits to XX more comfortable and easy.
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX has been excellent with helping my daughter and myself.
Due to covid  we are trying to stay inside. If I have a concern I usually call the physiotherapist and they respond by email and we sometimes book an appointment virtually. Apart from that  all seems to be okay  we are managing well.
Due to covid our sessions have been done via Zoom.  The therapists have been wonderful in explaining my grandson's care + helping set up all appointments based on our availability.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have declined to attend any on-site visits at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  The nurses/therapists have been very understanding and have gone out of their way to accommodate us with phone interviews, and arranging for any diagnostic imaging to take place at our local hospital.
During our 4 months inpatient, we had 4 room changes and 6 different roommates in that only 1 roommate truly matched us  This process needs renew and our social worker was non-existent  I had to track down paperwork that should've been done before we left, and it still wasn't completed  She had 4 months to help us, and we maybe had only 3 full appts with her - too much absence and when she was there she's completely unorganized and sat scattered families rely on social workers to provide info we know nothing about  We felt extremely let down social work seems to be a huge issue @ XXXXXXXXX, something needs to be done, families require help.
Every childs need is not the same I feel sometimes they consider things by the book which isn't applicable to every child with the goal planning they should hear more parents because parents understand the child more my son sometimes his condition is critical and not all the same and when his condition is down its hard for people to understand and I get frustrated
Every staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is amazing.  They've been nothing but professional and satisfied me as a worried mother to help a child who is delayed in all areas.  They are amazing patient and they really have a way of dealing with the kids.  The whole facility is amazing.  Not everybody could do that job.  When you're dealing with a child who's delayed and you don't know what to do with her there's a group of people who alleviate that stress from you and teach you how to help her.  I really appreciate that.
Every time when we got to the hospital, they ask some questions again and again which I do not like that.  No action will be taken after the answer given.  Always, talk negatively and make my child sad.  I feel like hospital (unreadable) for business instead of caring people  They do not understand others feeling  No empathy
Everybody I meet, my nurse practitioner and Dr. XXXX.  Everyone at XX and therapists XXXXX so nice.  Thank you for help and kind behavior to us.
Everyone at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has been truly wonderful during our experiences and in taking care of our son.  The only thing that could have been improved was some variation in the pureed foods - especially for the patients who have to eat them for several weeks.  Thank you!
Everyone is focussed and caring .. it is rally awesome to have this amount of care for my child
Everyone on the birth unit. they were extremely benevolent. and everyone should get a raise on that unit.
Everyone was excellent  Thank you
Everyone was super supportive for both of us.  Making our stay was stressful as possible.  Only problem was no instruction what to do when coming home.  Had wound to still care for.
Everyone was/is wonderful at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX except for the resident working with Dr. XXXXXXXX (Dr. XXXXXXXX is lovely and very professional so what I am about to say is 0% reflection on her). The resident was very cold to us on our first visit (the one at our second visit was excellent). I apologize I do not have his name but the notes he wrote up after the meeting were so degrading to us. He said 'mom does not know her own medical history'. He consistently did not listen and I kept having to repeat myself. He acted like not only did he not care but he was judgmental, made us very uneasy and very unprofessional. Every other staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is honestly terrific and we cannot say enough good things, but he was truly awful to us and it still stings how he treated myself and my family. Dr. XXXXXXXX and the second resident that worked with us were wonderful so I really do not want this to be reflected poorly on them!
Everything is really great in general  And what they do for special needs children is amazing and very much appreciated.
Everything was great
Everything was great but I feel more things could be added to therapy but I feel like its due to covid
Everything went very smoothly.  All the staff are doing very well.  I am very satisfied with the care they are providing to all children there and not only XXXXXX.
Excellent advice for my child who is transitioning to adulthood and requires support building friendships.  Thank you for the help!
Excellent and patient as always
Excellent car,e but as an older chid, privacy in the bathroom was a concern.  Also the style of meal times during a pandemic was concerning.  Too many people too many hands touching cutlery and drinks.  Also no options for meals for beings living there.
Excellent care
Excellent care  Continue the good work.  The care given is very satisfying.
Excellent care and facility management  Nurses are hardworking + patient.  Rec team not available many times.  Need more activities in the evening and weekends  Need more activities, therapy + (unreadable) for (unreadable)
Excellent care! The food service & cleaning staff were also excellent and very encouraging to my son as he progressed through rehab.
Excellent job!  Keep up the great work with helping young and older people
Excellent keep it up and sustainable.
Except individual nurse's performance are below standard most nursing staff did perform their roles satisfactory
Fabulous PT and terrific team!
Families with special needs kids if they can't speak English (especially immigrants) it's difficult to get access to health care. There should be some sort of standard approach towards to the care.
Fantastic experience.  He had a good time you could tell.  Happy with the recreation.
Fantastic hospital + caring staff!  Absolutely amazing
Fantastic service.
Father found that it was a little rough in the beginning however the care they received was wonderful and great.
Felt that clinic dr "talked down" "talked at me" during our visit wouldn't let me speak during his "speech" we had a 1 PM apt were not seen until 2:30.  It made the rest of my day very challenging.  My time was not respected.
For his therapy takes almost a 6 months.
Foster parents are not able to access information so there was a delay getting invoices and every notice had to be sent by mail so that also caused a delay
From Question #29 on, I was unsure if my answers should be based on my recent visits or my overall experience at XX  Suggest clearer heading than "Additional Questions"  #36 While individual clinicians have worked on goal plans with us related to their discipline, I'm not aware of an overall goal plan in progress
General care was great.  One staff member was a disappointment.  Meals terrible + dietician even said the requests she put in were simple!  Very hard on myself making sure I ate (diabetic) when my son wasn't eating.  I had (unreadable) + couldn't leave him.
God bless XXXXXXXXX!
God is good
Good morning.  Please be advised I wasn't completely sure which service this applied to.  Every person at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX touches your heart in a way you cannot express.  Writing Aids probably saved a child from breakdown.  She is an amazing person who gives critical information and guidance.  She seems to understand that its difficult on parents and will repeat and explain if your brain is overloaded.  She also empowers child with information and guidance to equipment and functional means of communication.  Amazing person period.  Orthotics saved from extreme pain, suffering and hopefully stop further deformity of foot.  The pain causes inactivity, thus with orthotics it provides happy mobility and for someone with certain issues weight and health deteriorates without orthotics.  He also takes into account sensory issues which then the child wants to wear the orthotics.  As for the brain/concussion clinic without her referral to daqs and that clarification/diagnosis the school finally got on board officially.  We missed so much help as school well let's not go there.  I got a private call from a Vice Principal after who was making it difficult on child and said after years of suffering oh you need to get on a list for help.  Unfortunately when you older and larger you don't meet weights requirements for many equipment.  The only real problem as an outpatient is by time you get help your brain and health is fried.  I wished we could get pt there, but I believe you can't if you reside in XXXX Region.   If you been through trauma you want to do at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX as you feel safe and know you will get proper help.  Even if say 5-10 sessions and then someone works with you to find someone you can afford by that point.  You get recommendations for pt, but its scary as its like starting from scratch even though its not.  Also the services outside usually private and people can't afford them so child physically gets more out of shape and you lose time.  Also the amount of paperwork parents with special children have to do sometimes we need someone to read and say ok call this exact # ask this exact question as the piles of paperwork are exhausting so helps when someone helps you a bit.  However without the out patient option we would be most likely dealing with severe mental health issues as well as XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX gave so much support with writing aids, orthotics, referral to daqs which resulted in long official written diagnosis with really good recommendations for high school.  Without XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I probably would have lost myself.  They literally saved a child's life.  When the person at school got report she set up iprc meeting and in my heart I think was her way of apologizing as was next day or something like that.  Then that person joined the dcd hb online session and admitted they now understand why the Dr asked for psycho ed analysis (which she had said no to after last principal worked hard to set up).  Now that person understands and said they would take the knowledge they learned from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to new school.  Most people don't understand dcd and think oh you are intelligent you have no needs.  These kids get teased or called lazy and without intervention can have severe issues.  Then child Isolated and excluded from some social activities and all physical activities.  I got asked again from a sert if we tested for Autism and now I can say we did.  Thank you so much from the bottom of my heart.  We signed up for learning strategies and with new writing aids suggestions school said they will train on equatIO for math.  Child advocated finally to math teacher writing not legible.  You changed child's life.  The other problem is by spending years and years to help child you don't have funds for all help required or something like a vacation.   It breaks me sometimes when I see child flapping in excitement asking to go to mcd's to try to win game pieces for a trip.  Or how can I afford the industrial e he would need.  That btw I didn't even know existed until writings aids gave me a website I called for pt and he has no vacancy, but told me of a bike riding place for special needs.  This place has bikes that are adaptive, but not as much as say for cp, etc.  The assessment reco from developmental Paed resulted in some really good knowledge and leads.  The developmental paed also took time to notice the sensory issues and someone took him to ball pit so we could talk to Dr in private.  Child loved play area!  The receptionist at developmental paed provided mom with a feminine product when machine not working.  The child also got to see a child severely disabled little girl try out a mobility device that gave her to ability to wheel around.  Was truthfully one of the most beautiful things I have seen.  Imagine that now many employees at school board are aware of dcd and another child may not have to endure the same struggles we all did.  Thank you.  We really needed you.  We appreciate the help we received.
Great care, thanks
Great Hospital & Doctors ... honestly can not say anything bad about either ... I consider XX the best of the best in Canada
Great hospital.
Great job!  Great experience  Thank you!
Great place, very welcoming, calming and I would recommend XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to everyone
Greatly benefited from conversations with XXXXXXX in spiritual care.
He got excellent care no complaints
He is greatly helped by the therapy he received/is receiving.  No question about it.  We are very thankful for this
He received phenomenal care.
He was supposed to have this assessment a couple years ago before he started college but there was some problem because I had to contact people to get it going.  After we had the last appointment there was supposed to be some follow up on their end and there wasn't.  After I had to contact them there was a delay because of the long waiting list.  That's the only problem I have.  Other than that everything was great.  When he stayed there everything was good.
Her care is excellent.
Hi, we received outpatient care while my son was an in-patient during COVID-19  So some of these questions were hard to answer as I participated in some meetings by phone and there was no follow up therapy as the equipment they ordered hasn't arrived yet due to ADP shut down.
His autism diagnosis was 2 years late  It has seriously affected his development.
I absolutely LOVE XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  I am so happy we were recommended to this facility 3 years ago.  Could not have had a better place for my daughters therapy programs.  Thank you!
I always appreciate what they do  if It was not for them I could not do what I do.  I have 3 disabled kids.  Cannot expect more than that.  I doing very well
I always write about XXXXXXXXXXXXXX as it always take long waiting to get the appointment as wheelchair is a key role in our child daily life.  Long waiting time always increase stress  Thank you
I am always impressed with the care at XXXXXXXXX  We've only ever had positive experiences.
I am discussing the social skill development work that XXXXXXX received.  It was unclear how the interactions were proceeding, with no updates, and little feedback. For other programs, we have found excellent engagement.
I am satisfied all the time!
I am satisfied for all their help with doctors social workers therapists I they were happy to be part of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I am satisfied with the services I/we received so far  Staff the doctors are doing amazing work and have lots of patience  Thanks to all the staff
I am Satisfied.
i am single mother of 3 ASD child my young was last seen in XXXX see that I am waiting for follow up but still has not get yet i have very limited finance's support we don;t have any type device at home at this time with covid19 XXXX gave my 1 child iPad so i am thanks full for XXXX so my kids can enjoy watching there favorite carton i can not afford devise i always applied for tablet for my kids on Ontario autism fund but my kids never get select.
I am so happy about the care my daughter gets in this hospital.  Thank you from my heart.
I am so happy with XXXXXXXXX. I love that hospital. I came to another city and I still don't want to change as they are very good.
I am thankful to whole staff as I had hard time.  Separation, shelter for abused women and children and they kept everything confidential I mean, my address and visits.  They provided all necessary documents to shelter and my lawyer thanks for understanding.  I think the service I have been provided was in a very high level.
I am very grateful for the support & opportunities we have benefited from as a result of XXX.
I am very satisfied with the care my daughter received during her treatment at XXXXXXXXXXX.  All doctors and professionals are very attentive and make us feel very comfortable and this makes a difference in our daily lives and helps us not to give up fighting.
I am very satisfied with the service.
I and my daughter are very thankful with all the care my daughter received from all the staff of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, nurse and doctor are very caring please continue the good deed.
I answered all questions, as instructed, about our most recent visit, which was with a great team of doctors and therapists (SDR/Botox clinic). We had a great experience and feel our child received a rigorous assessment and the team communicated great together (doctors and therapists).  However, thinking more broadly than our last visit, we stopped doing therapy blocks some time ago. We were not at all happy with the PT in the more recent blocks. Further, it is very onerous on a family to pull a child out of school and drive to and from XXXXXXXXX for an hour of therapy. It was definitely not worth it. I do hope you will consider more flexible hours, including evenings, early mornings, and weekends for therapy blocks.
I appreciate the excellent services our child is receiving.
I appreciate the service that was provided at the Rehab Hospital! Thanks
I asked them so many times and they wouldn't provide us with any facility for the physiotherapy massage.
I did feel rushed to discharge and we really struggled with the transition home.
I do not have any complaints.  They send me a letter with things that transpired.
I don't have nothing to say.  Thank you.
I feel good
I feel little bit that the therapists don't see the big picture.  They are good at their jobs   but don't see anything outside of that.  An event occurred my son received therapy from XXXXXXXXX and a private therapists and the private therapist suggested botox to loosen muscles.  So that therapist knew the XXXXXXXXX therapists so he told him and they said that was a great idea  So I was surprised  why didn't they  recommend that. why do we have to initiate it.  I would like XXXXXXXXX to tell me and I should not have to go to outside.   They don't seem to go the extra.
I feel that my child got the best care while there  Although she wanted to leave her program early because she was homesick. The staff here understood completely but the care was excellent, could not ask for a better hospital
I feel very good about the care.
I felt that not all meds were looked at.  The dr had what felt like a checklist + because I had not done one of the items on the list, that is what they recommended been through  I don't feel that's best solution.  I felt that I wasted my time.
I found somewhat difficult to coordinate appointment.
I guess a little bit  It's normal though  The last time we visited we were supposed to meet a vendor for his wheel chair ands the only little thing is that my husband had to take the day off and the vendor wasn't able to come so we're going to have to reschedule another zoom meeting  So that's the only little disappointment  It was scheduled a while ago and we were expecting it to come through and the vendor didn't come  I think it's not really XXXXXXXXX to be blamed for the situation but more the vendor but that's the only disappointment we had the last time we came there.
I had good experience regarding the care  There were amazing services
I have  been coming to this facilities for more than 10 years. I have two kids diagnosed with very severe disease called attaxcia  which requires a lot of attention and care. Two months ago one of my kids needed power wheelchair which can be costly, with help from one of your health care team, I was able to get wheelchair for my son, I am very proud of her work in order to help in that matter. I would like to say she is very smart and very helpful, even my son told me that she is very nice girl I asked him why you say that, he said she treat me like her son I was very happy when I heard that , and I confirmed that my self, she was explaining to me all necessary  steps in order to get help for my son, she worked hard to do that. I am very proud of her knowledge and understanding. Finally I would like to provide her name to you, her name is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, OT Reg. (XXX.) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I have a child who went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX 8 years ago and the service was good. Going through this hospital again with my second child the service and hospital seem so much better than before.
I have a friend. She told me that XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has lots of programs. She told me that her son has an appointment in like 2 weeks. I took her son there and he got his therapy. Now her son can walk and talk a little bit but my daughter did have any progress there.
I have been extremely happy with the therapy we have received through PT, OT and augmented communication.  Our experience with the developmental pediatrician was not helpful.  Overall, it is extremely overwhelming experience having a high needs child.  Having more coordination across departments and/or a case worker approach to help through the patchwork of services available (even at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX alone) would be extremely beneficial.
I have filled out this survey thinking about the seating appointments for my daughter.  Recent appointments have been affected by COVID 19 protocols, but when XX opened, our daughter was given an early appointment time, after having the XXX appointment cancelled.  The seating staff - therapist, seating technician & vendor always have a positive, happy manner, and make the appointments something that our daughter looks forward to.
I have no comment
I have not been to XXXXX in several months due to the pandemic but would just like to say you guys are doing a great job. Your staff are friendly, professional and knowledgeable. Our son loves going there for his therapies and I love how you focus on his positive attributes rather than his deficits. We are grateful to have received a place at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and will continue to raise money for XXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, as both are such important places/programs.
I have one comment about paper based surveys in general, I wish the hospital could become more environmentally responsible and offer paper based surveys, if needed ONLY. The booklet should only be offered to families who don't have the option to go online.
I have only positive things to say about XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and I feel so lucky we have access, to such a wonderful facility! In particular, XXXXXXXXXXXX (psychologist) was amazing. She helped so much and gave me so much more confidence to help + parent my child
I just feel that XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was great but I feel like if at possible they should try and look at getting private rooms. Her room mate was great and well suited and the mother was okay but we didn't get much sleep when the father was there. It would make it easier on the parents that were staying there to have a private bathroom.
I just say all staff/therapists and health care team for my daughter, are they treat me/my husband in a good manners and respect.  Thank you all and god bless!!
I just visit once  they coming to our home.  She is sitting on her own.  I want to thank you. They say we are waiting lists.
I just want to say thank you to CWAS department especially to the SLP XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and her assistant XXXXXXX Ms XXXXXXXX was contacted  My son's school too for the best plan for my son at school
I just want to say thank you to Dr XXXXX she always try to be available if I need it.  She helped me a lot.
I just wanted to share that we have had extraordinary care from people who are incredibly knowledgeable and experienced.  They obviously care for their patients.  Our care is ongoing.  We are participating in fundraising so our family is really grateful to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  I don't think we have explored or maximized everything that's available to us but that's because of covid.  It's going to be a long term relationship and it's been a very positive relationship.  We've had a few relationships at other hospitals that weren't so positive.  We feel we can be really honest and that we are heard and understood.  We're going to do everything we can to support and build an excellent relationship with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  It's all been really positive.  We haven't had a bump in XXXXXXXX's health yet but it's been really positive.
I just wish I had more access to a social worker.  I sometimes don't know how to go about getting access to things.
I know it is good and she likes it. She likes the physiotherapy.
I like all the therapists and Drs that we see there.  They need to make it better for scheduling for the Pt as it is becoming ridiculous when we are waiting 2 or 3 hours past our appointment time.  They are always very nice and try to explain but for us we are waisting our time since my child isn't moving much and it is important for her to be moving not sitting there waiting.
I like it to say thank you for your collaboration.
I love everything about the hospital my granddaughter loves the entire staff  They are the very best at what they do  Thanks a lot  XX
I need it to continue.  They have to change their bath chair.  The PSW said it was not ok.  Don't know what is happening.  Could not get what is approved for me.  Don't know what to do.  Her walker was not fix well when they brought it.  Still not fix.
I noticed the washroom is not kept clean, there is no exhausted fan, the odor smell stay in the washroom.  I would suggest the ceiling lift can be installed in the main floor washroom..
I really appreciate the care they gave.
I really appreciate what XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has done for me and my child. They also gave us one time funding which also helped us a lot and with out XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I wouldn't have the care I received and I am very grateful.
I really do appreciate the treatment that was given to my daughter.  The doctors/nurses were awesome.
I really like the service it was great.
I see improvement in my son's care.  The staff is considerate.  I hope my son XXXXXX is accepted in the schooling the hospital provides as it suits his needs.
I should appreciate Ms. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for very good and helpful information she provides.
I strongly recommend that parents in the CCC wing have more access to and support from a social worker!  My child loved XXXXXXXXX, the therapeutic playroom staff & clowns are invaluable!!
I think cleaning staff also plays an important role in maintaining high quality in care provided at the hospital.  It may be helpful for clients & families to comment on that aspect, as well as hospital staff to her from cleaning staff directly
I think the care is excellent  I just wish that I could have more appointments. I wish transition from child to adult care could be smoother too.
I think the follow up needs to be more consistent.
I think the place is fantastic and they do a great job. I have nothing but great things to say about them they've been just wonderful.
i think therapist needs to listen to parents more often this would benefit the child more i understand they went to school for this spent many years getting degreree but need to listen more to parent or caregiver as we know the child best this would provide a plan that meets the childs needs-i would like to say  need to be more respectful when dealing with parents to the child has any special need needs they need to be aware of gestures and what not and parents are very sensitive that have enough going on in there lives and we need whatever support there giving to be given in a professional way
I think there should be an option to borrow the equipment so we can practice at home.
I think there's a change in this new team which I think is an improvement of better communication and better family input.
I think this questionnaire should be revised for over-the-phone or zoom meetings and should have more information about what the questions mean.  What do you mean by my cultural needs?  etc.
I think we are receiving good care and happy with the services.
I think we received excellent care.  I think there is a challenge with shared accommodations as confidentiality does not exist.  Other than that she was offered lots of opportunities like art holistic things like to see that offered as an outpatient.  The care we received was excellent.  Please invest in better options for parents to sleep.  Chairs so uncomfortable.
I understand it is a busy institution, but followup calls or emails would be very useful since the therapy sessions are far from one another.  Plus I missed a call about our next appointment and no one called me back (not that this is their fault, but following on these things is important and yes, I have tried calling back too)
I very happy with XXXXXXXXX.  One of the best  treat very professional.  There is always help the team has a good heart.  I am happy.
I want thank XXXXXX there was a  problem in the school. She called the school and they had a meeting with them and she instructed them how to deal with their son and it was good results from the school because of that.  Also if we need referral she will send it.  Speech therapists XXXXXX give a lot of activities and explain everything  My son wants to go to XXXXXXXXX everyday instead of school.  XXXXXX when we speak to her everything is great.  We would like to thank everyone there.
I want to thank everyone who works at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. They are great support to my son and us parents.
I want to thank the transition, recreation team to stay connected with my family and offer Zoom session to introduce my child the friendship skills, welcoming my child and encourage him to connect to other kids.  I also want to thank Dr. XXXXX for patiently listen to my concerns and providing care to my child and connect him and me to therapies to help our family.
I want to thank whole XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX team for helping our special kids to accomplish their every day goals to enhance their confidence and make them stronger in unique way  Keep up the good work!  Thank you for your support throughout our tough times
I was happy they kept in connect through online especially during Covid.
I was made to feel very informed about starting the transition to adult care.  The team is wonderful.
I was really pleased with the care that I received.  At this time he doesn't need a lot of support from them and he's moving along well.  Once everything calms down were definitely going to be more involved with them again.  We're going to get more involved with their programs.
I was very grateful and happy and we always enjoyed going.
I was very happy and impressed with the care received by my son during his 4 month stay.  Doctor, nurses, and therapists were all outstanding!!!
I was very impressed with all parts of staff during our stay  Everyone was wonderful & supportive  I would strongly suggest you change your food service provider  The food was really terrible & not at all healthy  XXXXXXXXX has a pretty good system and is much healthier  My daughter is celiac and everything but the GF pasta was overcooked and tasteless  Looking at the regular food it looked the same to me and other patents commented  Fresh, flavour filled goes a long way and kids will eat it
I was very satisfied.
I wish that the dental clinic is isolated for each patient, so the patient and the family have enough privacy particularly for patient with CP.
I would also like to acknowledge the playroom staff and the clowns!  Both were so instrumental in my daughters success  One of our struggles was the food as my daughter is picky and didn't enjoy a lot of it  Overall, amazing experience @ XXXXXXXXX and we are thankful for everything  There were many changes due to COVID that impacted visitors and eating/meals arrangements for the kids that were very difficult  More communication from staff would have been appreciated  Otherwise you all were amazing  Thank you!
I would highly recommend this place
I would like to have the same services closer in XXXXXXXXXXX
I would like to know how to access my children's medical information online.
I would like to take a moment to thank XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for the excellent service provided.
I would like to thank all doctors and staff for being so kind and helpful
I would like to thank XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX team members for helping us understanding our childs needs and her way of life.
I would like to use this medium to thank the hospital for all the care and love my child received and still receives it truly did make a difference thank you for all you do for these kids you guys are the best I would have loved his physical therapy though to go longer than the 3 months block treatment but I understand the cost implication.
I would like way more therapy sessions for my child.  The therapy is excellent but would prefer ongoing therapy throughout the school season.  I would also like an option of an intensive summer program, eg. 4-5 days per week for several hours each day as studies have shown great improvement in child's condition with this intensive therapy.  Can funding not be supplied to supplement what the government gives?  I don't feel the government funding is enough and the amount of therapy my child receives is enough.
I would say all of the staff and facilitators are awesome.  They doing a fantastic job  Every time we visit the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX we feel at home and comfortable.  Excellent service  Very accurate, very helpful and friendly  Amazing clinic.
I would suggest that the food that is provided to the kids at the hospital is more kid-friendly as what they currently serve most kids will not eat.
I would them to apply the same code of conduct with their vendors to their same staff and workgroup.
If I can have a future plan  I should be more aware of what comes next.
If there is a playroom for children over 6 will be better
I'm happy there  Nice people.
I'm happy.
im just really happy with the overall. far beyond the expectation. I am really grateful and appreciate the service you guys provide for my child and my family.
I'm just very happy that we had their care.
I'm not happy with the nurse from XXXXXXXX.  She is inexperienced with autism kid  The blood sample collection made my kid crazy and painful
I'm not sure this survey applies due to virtual 'visits' or my child young age, toddler. The doctor was excellent, therapist/ support staff virtually does not fill a need .
I'm overall very very thankful for this facility.  They're very professional and courteous.  They make me feel very wanted and happy.  I never leave there feeling upset or depressed.
I'm really satisfied with the care and therapy that my daughter received. I feel that they are really good people helping my daughter. The therapist is XXXXX. Even still now he is communicating with my daughter. And XXXXX has really been taking time to help my daughter. I'm really thankful for these people.
I'm very happy my child has a good doctor and her teams
I'm very pleased with everyone and how professional and respectful everyone is  I trust them. XXXXX loves it there  He is never ever scared when he goes there.
I'm very satisfied and thankful for the care that we've been receiving   That's all I can say.
I'm very satisfied most of the times w/ the programs extended to my son  I wished to continue to work w/ XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX w/ any program that can extend or continue from what he has started.  The staff are truly professional, dedicated, they know what they are doing & willing to listen to parents.  I've always talk about my experiences to my group of support parents & highly recommend to them!
In COVID its very difficult to handle all thing
In reference to #19, there were some delays in the confirmation of programs & issuance of invoices/receipts during the transfusion of new program administration in music and arts.  Also, there should have been efforts for the new program administration to touch base with former/existing clients.
In some ways  just the fact that he is growing fast. The ability to modify his wheelchair has not kept up with his growth It is too slow.   He was in a wheelchair that was to small for him for over a year.
In the beginning somehow we were in the waiting list for a long time for a speech therapy assessment. It was a long time. He was rejected and then we found out that these kinds of kids need a speech therapist. It was another 2 years to be admitted for the speech therapy. They decided to offer him some therapy. After that  the first lock down  it was postponed. We never received a speech therapy from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I think it's the only thing I'm not happy with the service. Other than that everything else was good. I was very happy with the other services and everything else. Another thing  his doctor moved from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to XXXXXXXX. Another doctor just visited him. This is another thing.
Instead of machines a store that ran 24 hrs would help ie. coffee tea, etc.  Because sometimes vending machines empty better coach to sleep on.
It has been a very good experience I couldn't have asked for a better team that we got the kind of patience and care they showed with us that shows me there hard work and it has always been a pleasant experience.
It has been excellent care.
It has been excellent.  She received all the services she requires  it has been really good.  It has been collaborated effort for everything she requires.
It has been such a pleasant experience. I was really happy with everyone working with her everything was good.
It is all good.
It is ok  they help him.  They me calm down and they are good.
It just a fantastic facility.
It seemed there were fewer therapists and therapy assistants for speech & language than there were for OT & PT.  We really appreciate the tremendous caring shown by most of the staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
It was a great privilege and unfortunate experience to have met all of you  I am filled with immense gratitude to all of you for all you sacrifices.  Thank you very much from the bottom of our heart  The best recovery/rehab centre for my child.
It was a one visit assessment & a follow up visit for results.  Hospital was unable to diagnose (or diagnosis was nil for autism spectrum at this point) but was unable to refer further (did offer some suggestions).
It was a relief to finally reach the top of the wait but I receive some care XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the first place to have offered care in 2 years since diagnosis, thank you
It was amazing!
It was excellent and I was grateful
It was excellent!!
It was fantastic and it helps my son to keep on improving in his daily activities.
It was so helpful to be at XX again  My son is XX and when he was XX yrs old we were refused service at XX because we live north of XXXXXXXXXXXX  We were sent to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and the care was not the same  I feel my son missed out in so much.  Wish I could turn back the clock, my son would have done so much better physically + emotionally if at XX
It was very good, as usual.  My daughter is a young teen now & her appointments are more directed towards her independence  The doctors & nurses speak directly to her, which is good
It was very good.
It was wonderful.  All the appointments were good.
It went really good with the dr because when the change the dr - she can do the best - except one terrible incident and I already complained about that - she was 100% wrong - she said my son can not read and write - and my son is now doing both read and write - XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a good hospital overall
It would be helpful to increase outpatient care as appropriate  Sad to see $ spent on multiple pp @ front to support screening, some of that $ could be directed to patient care  Also if XXXX could reduce paper & postage costs by other means to notify parents of their child's upcoming appt (ie esp when it is confirmed by telephone) these resources could also be spent on clients services.  Much like private sector i.e. text, email, telephone (already been done)  Thanks!
It would have been nice to have more kid friendly food options available.  Ex.  Pizza, simple pastas, chicken fingers with baked fries (This was a big hit).  More chicken options vs. fish and pork.   XXX has a great menu that made food choices easy, especially for a child that is a picky eater.  Something to consider.  Also, would have liked to have more physiotherapy time.  Twice a day when possible. (am/pm) or every other day have 2 sessions.  Overall, everyone was really great at XXXXXXXXX.
It's 100% awesome  The whole staff and everyone were great.
It's a great hospital
Its always been a pleasure to be at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I can't say enough about them  We are fortunate to be able to have access to this care
It's been excellent.  Everyone's always happy and willing to creatively problem solve.  Which is hard to find in a hospital.  My son is basically a snowflake.  Kids don't know how to handle him.  I am very pleased.  I only hate where you are located.
It's been great.  I wish they have a clinic downtown.  It's a bit far.  I talked to a couple parents who also take their kids to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and it's a bit far.  We live XXXXXXXX and don't have a car.
Its difficult to find parking to find a place to offload my child because there isn't always necessarily spots for wheelchair accessible vehicles to pull in and unload. Also now with covid there could be more infection control  you know like wiping things down and stuff like that. They were great  we had a good visit. I wish there was a west end XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX because its pretty inconvenient for the families that live in the west end to travel to the east end. It would be great if we had a location close to us to take her. With the construction it's tough  it makes it really hard.
It's excellent.
It's good. They get good help from there.
Its there very very good service and they always there  and they are very attentive to any concerns we may have.
Just a second  I have a question  Is this survey anonymous?  So yes can you repeat the person's name and number?  I think my child is getting very good care in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in some areas excellent care.
Just some things about the survey - there is one question that asks if the therapist explained things so my child could understand - well, that's not a question for me, but for my child, so maybe take it off the survey, or survey the child. Or provide an 'I think so' answer. Also, the question about whether I felt the appt was negatively affected by race, gender, religion, etc... there should be a 'none of the above answer', so that you know that IS the answer, versus, I forgot to answer the question by leaving it blank. The treatment for my child was for a concussion, which happened almost a year ago... I feel like there should have been a followup with the actual neurologist. My son still has frequent headaches and can be bothered by light and noise. Is this better than a year ago? Dunno. Neurologist should maybe followup with my son and ask him. As a parent, it is difficult to tease out this info.
Just that it is amazing I was even offered XXXXXXXX classes.
Just that it is excellent and it is apparent that everyone is there because they want to help people.
Just that the staff there are amazing and XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXX have been a tremendous help.
Just the location of the hospital is bad location.  Takes lot of time to reach and no easy access to mass transportation.  But overall received good services and I'm positive about the hospital.
Just to say thank you so much we appreciate your care and service 100% God bless you all.
Keep up the amazing work!
Keep up the excellent work.  Thank you
Keep up the good work
Keep up the good work!  Dr. XXXXXXX was very helpful in my childs progress
Keep up with the good job
Lack of resources and even for income, should not be based on income when getting extra help out of situation of child especially when I have twins with both diagnosis of severe autism  Very hard on us.
Like what I think.  I feel like the quality of staff is lovely.  However I feel like the therapies and doctors told what my child needs.  There is a disconnect what my child needs and what is being offered.  I know XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX offers these things.  Unfortunately we are told to pay a fee access these supports or look elsewhere.  I wish there was more therapy programs offered to children who are being overseen in by their doctors at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  I feel that our appointments are in debt but I don't feel like they don't lead anywhere.
Looking forward for the next follow up check after 3 months from now, thank you!
Major improvement  if we can get more servicing Online or Virtual.  Consolidate to do all in 1 visit.  This seems to lead to delays.  I was going twice in 1 week.  and then a month later. a psych assessment.    Takes up a lot of sick days for work.  I drive from XXXXXXXXXXX.  so it would be nice to do all in 1 or 2 visits  as opposed to several times a year.   I would rather wait a week or 2 if it meant getting all done with 1 visit.   Virtual appointments could be done in 15 minutes  as opposed to 1 hr drive both ways for a 15 minute appointment.  It seemed likes it used to be that way.  Doing everything in 1 or 2 days.
More of a funding issues  A lot of the delays are wait listed because of funding. The other concerned I have is not being fully directed into what to do health plan wise. When your in a physical situation it is easy to diagnose a plan but with autism I felt that the doctors were suggesting solutions and I was to make the choices myself.
More service not in a year 2 times.
More written information about safety.
Most of the therapists are OK  I just have a problem with 2.
My baby XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is XX months old and  and she never experience/tried any therapy
My child and I are always welcomed with respect.  All staff in this hospital are very professional and organized.  I would just say, no complaint  Thank you
My child attends Play and Learn Nursery Program. Our experience there has been phenomenal. The admin staff, ECEs, OT, PT, SLP and volunteers are all consistently kind, compassionate, professional and clearly dedicated to advocacy and minimizing barriers for folks with disabilities. The therapy and education has benefited my child greatly. But the staff have also taught us to recognize and build resiliency in our family and our child. Their coaching on effective advocacy and system navigation has improved our experience at XXXXXXXXX and with schools and government agencies. But perhaps most of all they have created a space where my child is safe and accepted and seen as capable. In doing show they prove this is possible and going forward we feel inspired to accept nothing less than this in other settings. I wish she could go to school here forever! We are so grateful for all they have done for us.
My child had an appointment with the doctor.  Before the appointment, the child's height and weight needs to be taken.  Due to the COVID situation, only one parent was allowed in  We were told that the nurse would help me to take the child from the wheelchair as it is difficult to lift alone  But the nurse did not offer any help.  And I did not ask any help to her as she seemed to have some pain in her leg  I have a humble suggestion that 2 parents should be allowed in the hospital in these situations even if it is COVID situation  Thanks
My child has a lot of short-term memory loss due to her condition  I would have liked some therapy to improve this problem.  As well as vision problems if XX is equipped for this
My child has a very positive experience here  One area of improvement my daughter noted, however, was being an XX year old, she felt the staff often had difficulty adjusting their tone, speech, activities and expectations for a (young) adult compared to a young child  Adapt to age of patient  Patients don't want to be treated younger than they are  Thanks!
My child is newly enrolled in this hospital's rehabilitation and is turning XXXXXXX old. So, we just had a couple of visits and didn't feel limited to all the possible resources we could optimize for our daughter. So far so good. There is still a long bumpy ride ahead for us and our daughter. So we still have lots more to deal with coming our way. And I hope XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX will tag team with us to tackle those milestones.
My child need physio and ot  I am happy with the OT he is receiving but he has not had any physio therapy yet. Any lack of satisfaction that I have shown in my responses are related to that  he needs physio therapy and from time to time has had assessments but no therapy.
My child received excellent care and support from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
My child received treatment at home only.  We didn't visit the hospital.  We were visited 2 times in XXXXXX (a visit in XXXXXXXXX was cancelled by the therapist)  I wish the visits were constantly and with short intervals, which help us to judge the efficiency of the plan.
My child required more feeing therapy or she is not able to chew - there is no diagnosis.  We are only seen once every six months.
My child was admitted on the same day as with his 20 - patient.  It was little chaotic with both patient coming on the same day with all the care team coming in to introduce.  It was overwhelming I was a bad idea to bring in 2 patients on the same day to the same room
My child was extremely well taken care of, as was I  We were both sad to leave!
My child was very young at this time.  Hence not always being able to communicate himself to therapists/doctors.  Also, I would give XXXXXXXXX a "10" if they had all private rooms  It just seems necessary in this context
My child worked with many therapists, making this survey difficult.  Questions were hard to rate as some therapists in PT were amazing, while others were not as outstanding.
My child's therapist came to our home and to his school.  He did not receive any therapy at XX so I left a number of questions blank that were not applicable
My daught was coming XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX since wife was 2 (unreadable) OCD.  We got service we need for her with good (unreadable) for all staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  Thank you all
My daughter had a great time and had great therapy.  I am very happy with all the services we were provided with  Thank you!
My daughter has been in care since she was born.  Just started going to XXXXXXXXXXX last year.  I am very impress with the care from professional stand point with the information and the quality of her therapists.  I have been very pleased with it.  My child is very comfortable there never complains and gets along with therapists.  She is eager when she is there.
My daughter sees therapist @ XXXXXXXXX a different specialist but has never stayed overnight.  But she loves XXXXXXXXX
My daughter was in the get up and go.  The team was excellent  We were never introduced to the doctor in charge.  Two members of the large team left on vacation for one week of her treatment.  That was unfortunate.
My daughter's illness is the last thing I ever would have wanted for her, but XXXX was definitely the best place for her to be.  Everybody at the hospital from the cleaners, the dining room servers, the cafeteria staff, library staff, front desk, and all the medical team always gave us the impression that their mission was to work for the health and support of my daughter and our whole family.  The pride everyone took in my daughter's improving condition was fabulous.  We have some specific feedback to share in the next little while but overall we are so grateful for the fabulous level of care she received.  Thank you
My son achieved his goals during his stay there, and we were glad that everything went back to normal.  Thank you.
My son attends respite and uses dental services  He has not had therapy there for about 10 years  He loves respite and the staff are awesome!0
My son came to see the eye doctor  My son is very hyper  We were waiting in line  My son finds it difficult to wait in line  I feel staff need to be more educated with autism  They don't know how to deal with meltdowns  1) My son came to see the eye doctor.  We arrived at the registrations desk.  My son is very hyper and wandered away  I had to leave the line to follow after him  When I came back to line another parent was in front.  I feel that the secretary should've requested us first.  I came first  She wasn't friendly  My son had an extreme meltdown during the eye exam.  There was a young lady in the room sitting on a chair  She didn't help  She could've tried to distract my son  This is a hospital for special needs  They should have more training  2) I was disappointed  The eye doctor tried to bring out toys   The young lady just sat in the chair beside my son  She finally helped with eye drops  I expected more help to distract him.  I will be writing a separate letter to explain my situation.
My son does not take any routine treatments at the hospital. He is just visited by the healthcare professional. In the last 3 months, we hasn't been there and his last visit was done virtually (video call), but is supposed to be visited face to face in a couple of months. The answers to questions are based on previous site visits. Thank you.
My son health care from his birth  He could be not live without this hospitals
My son is XXXXXXXX year old your washroom's table (for change diaper) is small would you offer a big table for older kids to change diaper?  Thanks!
My son need behavioral therapy which I am not getting.
My son was referred to XXXXXXXXX by an XXXXXXXXX's doctor. We don't have an OHIP card, so we used our health insurance. I would love to be able to give more structure to my son, but the community around us helped us a lot and I still have some contact with the XXXXXXXXX's professionals. The doctor XXXXXX was incredible, he gave all the instructions and the secretary, XXXX, is amazing. because of them I could have an idea about all my son's right and where to get the better assistance for my child. Every time, when I was at XXXXXXXXX my family was really well welcome for everyone in there. My son had his first experience in a daycare there, while I was in a workshop and he was happy all the time. My family and I are thankful for all your awesome team work, from volunteers to doctors. Thank you so much.
My sons formula was stopped by dietician she said it was to expensive and they would no longer provide him.  Same with his diapers I had to provide all of my own, disappointed as he was a baby.  So my only real complaint would be formula & diapers rehab provided there for the 1st week and just stopped.  Dietician would not listen to the fact he needed certain formula for his belly she was only worried about cost we left 2 weeks early no sleep / food situation
NA Thank you.
NO  EVERY APPOINTMENT IS CARRIED OUT TO SATISFACTION & MORE.  I APPRECIATE ALL THE HELP WE HAVE RECEIVED & STILL RECEIVING FROM XXXXXXXXX.
No  Everyone involved with my daughter's needs have been great and very helpful.
No  Everything is great  We're very happy with XXXXXXXXX.
No  N/A  N/A  Thank you!
No  Very busy with work and my child - the reason for this being late
No all I have to say is because of covid some of the program he is on has been postponed
No all positive, very well supported, just looking forward to getting back in there a little more regularly since we haven't had the same level of care with everything going on  aside from that, you've been very clear and well spoken, you did well.  I know it must be kind of hard to do this kind of thing all day.
No comments.
No complains!  Just would like to comment on how during the pandemic XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX took great careful measure to ensure everyone's safety.  All employees (doctors, nurses, etc) were incredibly nice and co-operative.
No concerns whatsoever.
No detailed feedback was offered as to how he is doing/progressing.  There were no signs to assist him with PT needs (he has no access to some important equipment at home + he needs to be monitored with some activities).
No everything work out good.
No I don't have anything  We are happy with XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX service  Thanks
No I don't think so.
No thank you so much
No there is nothing more to say.  Thank you for your time and help.
No they are #1
No they're awesome  We love XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
No you guys are just excellent, I'm really glad we have XXXXXXXXX it would be much trickier without.
No, I am very comfortable with services.
No, Thank you for the hard work you guys do, I appreciate that. Thank you.
No, thanks
None of our treatment or consult appointments took place at the hospital, so parts of the survey were not relevant - I think a different survey should be created for clients who receive services in the community
None so far everything is all fine.
Not about the last 3 months visits but general comment. We've always had a welcoming experience @ HB unfortunately with covid-19, many of the Q's in this survey are N/A I think otherwise my "N/A" answers would've reflected a very positive experience thanks to all @ HB!
Nothing but just a big thank you!
Nothing could have been better  Thank you for everything
Nothing else.
Nothing more.  Thanks.
Nothing thanks!
Nothing to say  I am very happy
Nothing to say. Always referred someone to visit XXX , if there child need any rehab. All the best XXX. Stay blessed whole team of XXX. Thanks for your support and help.
Nothing to write, overall good performance.
On one occasion some of the therapist speak to you as of you have no knowledge what they speaking about - they should have any idea who they are speaking to it can be condescending
one concern when we put the cast on my son he had pain under his foot and we took him in as when we called they weren't answer and the receptionist was very rude because we cant just show up so we took him t to hospital  they were very nice when we were there  this lady was very room we were given funding from support groups and she said we didn't have funding and said we had to pay for everything but someone else told her we did the lady is a white lady that works reception not the oriental one the rest of staff and doctors were great but when you have one bad apple it makes it hard
One of the best hospital I have been.  Everyone is so friendly and helpful
Only speech therapy through XXXXXXXXX was provided and would have liked to see more work on actual speaking vs just therapy.
Only thing I did not agreed was that my child been XX at the time needed a little bit more privacy like been in a single room like he had at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  Would have been much more comfortable for privacy reasons.
Or only concerns were the length of time it took for Dr. XXXX to see us if/when we had questions, and the length of time to get letters that we requested from him for insurance purposes.
Our care at XXXXXXXXX was amazing.  We have only great things to say about them  Thank you
Our child visited the facility for developmental assessment and was not hospitalized. Nevertheless all therapists involved were excellent in their work and in their approach to us and our child. I am personally overwhelmed by their overall approach.
Our child's last visit was tele conference due to covid
Our child's therapist is excellent working with young children and at explaining what we can do to help our child at home.  She is very patient, knowledgeable and experienced.  Our child is thriving under her care and therapy.
Our developmental pediatrician is wonderful however the resident said some very demeaning things in the file such as the mother doesn't know what her own medical history is. When at one point he repeated himself and I said that it wasn't what I meant after I had already repeated myself multiple. It seemed as though he wasn't interested in speaking with us and harsh. It's discouraging to see that on my son's file I do know my history. Our PT and feeding clinic are amazing!
Our doctors go above and beyond.  They are easily accessibly and have a real passion for what they do.
Our experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has always been excellent. The staff there are courteous, professional and knowledgeable. I will say however that when our son was no longer eligible for therapy provided by the hospitable we have struggled to find consistent qualified therapists privately, even when we were willing to pay  This is something that needs more work!
Our experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has been really great.  The staff are interested in helping us in anyway they can.  We've learned a lot about the services and facilitates and will be growing our relationship with the hospital due to my son's newly discovered heart disorder.
Our experience with XXXXXXXXX was wonderful, great nurses great therapists.  A wonderful place for people & children with ABI.
Our family is always treated with excellent care when visiting XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Our physiotherapist (XXXXXXXXXXXXXX) was absolutely phenomenal.  She made my daughter laugh and feel listened to and loved trying out the demo electric wheelchair  Very quick to email and respond to any questions or comments.
Our social XXXXXXXXX provided absolutely no help or information regarding social services or programs that were available to apply for.  This information I had to seek out on my own.
Our son enjoys and looks forward to all his visits
Our son had done bass line testing over a year prior to his concussion therefore it took three months to even make contact  Once we got in long line up/waits were fortunately moved up and once we got in service was exceptional
Our son received excellent care & support during his stay at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  We were impressed with the facilities and all of the therapists.  XXX is a wonderful inclusive space where everyone is respected for who they are.  We had mixed emotions about leaving this facility, as our stay was made so comfortable by all of the staff.  One suggestion : Tim Horton's needs to be bigger & they need more staff!  Lines were long there.
Our son's care team are outstanding, including Dr. XXXXXXXXX, Dr. XXXXXXXX, Dr. XXXXXXXX and their respective teams.  Seating clinic led by XXXX provides outstanding support, advice, and strategies.  All the teams we've worked with are talented, responsive, attentive, and helpful.  It will be a sad day when our son 'graduates' from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Our stay & XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was very good we learn a lot about our grandson and everyone was excellent at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
Our stay at XXXXXXXX was during the height of the spring/summer lock down, due to COVID-19.  I am happy to say that my son had the best time during his stay as he got to participate in recreational activities and had access to the best nursing team as well.  As parents we felt comfortable in leaving him to be independent, advocate for his own, even though he has difficulty communicating.  The challenges we faced were with the orthotics department, who did not treat us inclusively, there was a disconnect there and I felt that they did not want to fully understand our situation or help facilitate the understanding.
Our team @ XXXXXXXXX has always been top notch and have always gone above and beyond the call of duty.
Our team is awesome & very supportive.  Our son & ourselves are very comfortable with the care received so far & will continue to receive.
Outstanding!!!
Overall  I thought the care was fantastic. I thought the nutrition was deplorable. Far too much sugar and carbs. Not a lot of healthy options.
Overall best hospital & staff I have been engaged with/XXXXXXXXX is a tie -  XXXXXXXXXXXX
Overall excellent care received especially by the therapist  Only one noteworthy incident when my child's incision showed signs of infection but nursing dismissed our concerns until severity progressed  Would have preferred a proactive approach in caution + reaching out to XXXXXXXX immediately.
Overall I was happy with care I received
Overall our entire family's experience was very positive.  Child/patient very happy and good care was taken
Overall so far it's not bad.
Overall very happy  I believe the value of the hospital is very good. It is just a matter of the funding that limits what they can do.  Everyone I have meet is very professional.
Overall we are really happy and thankful. only thing probably like to improve is the place   we haven't gotten enough information activity and options that we can participate for family activities. We get all the information about ht therapies and its a bit difficult to figure out.
Overall, In patient caregivers were so nice with my child.
Overall, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was great for XXXXX's rehab.  Most staff were caring for my child and has helped with recovery on multiple facets of his health.  A slight decrease in therapist rating is a result of lack of opportunity to review final discharge documentation.  Certain language used with a particular therapist in the team has negatively impacting transition to the new agency greatly, adding unnecessary stress on us as we transition to a more normal life.  Also, some suggestions on care were not addressed and considered adequately that resulted in contaminated assessments of a particular therapist, which is entertaining ideas on medical conditions that contradict the rest of the medical team's assessments.
Patient said please not share my answer   She was confused about this survey was only for 1 visit or overall.
Phenomenal experience so knowledgeable and very caring they are amazing members of our care team
Poor communication, no referral sent to  family dr as promised, horrible infection control practices, therapists late or appointments changed/cancelled last minute often, didn't seem to really care about patient
Poor WIFI connection
Possibly better communication between departments that orthotics made but ortho pd dep did not complete req'd forms for funding dept I needed to follow up
Privacy and safety of child (medically complex) is compromised in shared accomodation - should be in private room  - Conditions ("bed" and food) for caregiver staying with child are terrible:  Pullout chair and no food availability are unacceptable and distressing to caregiver
PT has no comments
PT has no comments
PT has no comments.
PT said everything was fine and skipped some questions saying his child doesn't understand and that are not applicable. Other questions related to him also were ignored.
PT said my son need more help like therapy for his writing mostly because of the COVID-19 his sessions are stopped
PT went above & beyond for our child.  Everyone was honest & encouraging.  We appreciate all their efforts & hard work.
Quality of visit depends on who seen + age/gender of the doctor/therapist. Some are more willing to sit, discuss + answer questions than others. We've been going to XXXXXXXXX for about 15 years - one speech therapist told me my daughter would never talk at aged X. Well my daughter proved her wrong. i told her that she shouldn't be (unreadable) with special needs kids. No therapist/doctor should ever put limits on any child + say what they won't do!!! I chose never to listen to her and we proved her wrong. How many parents would listen to meaningless statements like this??? (And that is just one story ...)
Questions cover it well.  Maybe missing plan and more steps forward.  I don't feel parents do not have enough support.  Info very minimal.   But he is very happy all together it is pretty good.
Really happy with the speech pathologist.
Received spectacular care and I was happy with it.  Don't think it could be better.  I am happy client and glad they reached out.
Regardless of how vocal we were about our child requiring behavioral therapy as a result of her ABI, she did not receive it at all that day.  The day before discharge we were apologized to, but didn't receive support.  Also, we had a bad experience with our social worker who did not provide any support or guidance with application forms, govt forms etc  No action was taken by that individual on our behalf, and also, when we were discharged that individual did not even return any of the half-completed forms as requested so that I could follow up myself
Right now I am not getting any care because of Covid.  Did not have any since XXXXXXXX because of covid.  But have an appointment next month.
Satisfied with rehab.
Scheduling was very disorganized.  The therapist said my child didn't need physio anymore but then the next visit she said that we didn't live in the right area to continue therapy.  The therapist I felt most of the time she had a discrimination based on her language and culture because my wife has a language barrier.
Second visit at XX, very pleased with the overall experience. Some nurses could improve their bedside manners, but for the most part everyone does an amazing job and cares for their patients. Parents/Caregivers should be better taken care of though and given more breaks as it is not an easy place to live full time away from family and friends especially during a pandemic. Considering everything though, I think you guys are doing an awesome job. Thanks
Service has been with Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX on line due to covid-19.
Sh has only been seen once so the answers are not accurately right  We are waiting for the sessions to start
She got the news that she wanted to hear.  She gets to lose her G-tube.
Should offer a meal menu for kids under 3 to choose what they will eat I had to buy my child dinner, lunch, and breakfast 95% of our stay cause he wouldn't eat what was served
Since most of the referrals are done virtually I don't understand the delay of seeing the kids on time.  It took us 5 months to have an appointment.  By then my child already has improved by leaps and bounds.  In person would have been ideal but that is really beyond our control with this covid.
Since XXXXXXXXXXXXXX, I am waiting for the physiotherapy sessions for my daughter at home twice a week as "XXXXXX" (the physiotherapist at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX) promised me  Please, do your best to make it happen and my daughter get the treatment soon because she is in need for physiotherapy
Since you asset my child you did not help me and I always call - to have a social worker  I'm asking to help me specially now that I need help for my son  How to help him - for 9 years  I'm looking a social worker to help my son and me  Please help me cause I'm his mom and I'm sick also due to my stroke  I'm slow to do all the paperwork.  Thank you for helping my son to his therapy in his speech therapy and all the team
So far hospital service is OK!
So far the staff has been good.  Working toward XXXXX coming mobile  staff doing their part.  When we are not there she is taking care of.  They are working with her on the equipment.   You swimming pool is fantastic  XXXXX after the pool she is tucker out. Everything is 5 star but it is not home.   The rec staff have been amazing  they go out of their way to take care of XXXXX.  Night nurses know her routine and they help her quite bit.
So far we've had fantastic service from her speech and language pathologist XXXXXXX and XXXXXX her occupational therapist. They have been very kind and open. They make us feel really welcome. We just recently had XXXXXXXXXX come on with us to help us get through the communication binder and she's been very helpful.
So we expected a little bit better care and treatment for my child but we didn't receive anything. We thought that there would be some sort of special help to help with his abilities and intellectual improvement but we've not seen any support so far in that sense. We thought they would refer us to the proper institution but we haven't seen anything.
Some questions are not answered accurately as we were fully virtual.  Dr. XXXXXXXXX was incredible.
Some questions were not relevant to my child he is too young and is not able to speak yet also my child is in pain because of the use of his stiff muscles and is not in pain because of his medical condition
Some times the doctors only work 1 a month or so.  So it is hard to get an appointment.  We finally got an appointment but then it was cancelled.  Same as physiotherapy.  Hard to get an appointment.  Expected to have more appointments but ended up just giving us procedures to do at home.  But we are very lucky to be able to get to go to XX sometimes we do not get a reminder when it is time for our appointment.
Staff and hospital are always great  My daughter and I enjoy being at Bloorview and haven't had any issues in all the years she has been a client.
Staff are always nice, polite and understanding.  Very happy with the care my son received.  Thank you!
Staff were great!
Strategy was very one dimensional and it didn't suit him but there was no alternative course of action and that was all we did.
Team communicated very well amongst themselves but my questions were often not answered, or I had to repeat my questions sometimes to an another team member several times. Documenting on EMR was often delayed. In the case of emergency (we had a small one), it was not clear who our contact person was.
Team is very helpful and efficient knowledgeable and kind.
Team the was great.  Dr. XXXX was awesome.  I feel like I could reach out to her if I need to.  I feel comfortable doing that if need be.
Thank you
Thank you  appreciate it.
Thank you all for helping my daughters  XXXXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXX
Thank you for all your amazing work in helping kids.
Thank you for all your support.  God bless you.
Thank you for providing care, support to my family especially to my daughter.  Keep up the good work.  I am grateful for your assistance.  Happy Holidays!  Sincerely, XXXXXXXXXXXX
Thank you for providing such great care for my son during his rehab staff!  We feel blessed that he had the opportunity to go to XXXXXXXXX!
Thank you for taking such excellent care of our son.
Thank you for the care you gave to my child.
Thank you for the help my kids need.
Thank you for the service - the hospital is the best - staff are excellent - environment superb - people around are friendly we love XX
Thank you for the wonderful care. Our child loves coming to "play" at XX! Thanks for all you do.
Thank you for your support  All of your hospital doing great job  Please confirm for needy people  Thank you
Thank you so much for the excellent care that we received. We are very thankful for all of your kindness & support. Such an amazing facility. Sincerely, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Thank you to such a wonderful and helpful staff that has attended to my son.
Thank you very much for all the care they has been offered  Just hope I had words in which I can thanks for
Thank you very much for all the help, support and patience to My children.
Thank you very much for all the help, you have given to us.
Thank you!
Thank you! XXXXXXXXXXXX
Thank you.
Thankful and grateful for the care.
Thankful for the care they provided.
Thanks
Thanks as a management team you guys should say employees first then patients, reason being if you took good care of your employees, they will take good care of your name and brand by providing awesome services  Thanks  Regards XXXXXXXXX
Thanks for help us with XXXXXX
Thanks to all
Thanks very much for all the help, you extended to us.
Thanks!
Thanks.
The administration side of things could improve I had to call XXXXXXXX to get a flu appt despite being told that someone would call and I had to call twice to follow up on a promised email re appt details & directions.  It seems that there is a lack of follow up on administration and of things and had I not (unreadable), we probably would not have been seen in a timely fashion.  I am quite capable in advocating but many families are not ...
The best
The best thing that happened to us was XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. We moved here five years ago in Canada. I tell this to my close friends and family all of the time that. If it wasn't for this hospital we wouldn't have had any diagnosis without XXXXXXX. I think the hospital should be funded even more especially for the kind of work they do and the care they provide. I've seen that that the staff can do better but because they are underfunded they can't have that opportunity.
The biggest thing is accessibility is to get to get to appointments.  The location is very far; even though it id in XXXXXXX - there is not a direct route to get there on transit.  With a child with a disability traveling transit is hard. I think it would be good if they had satellite sites around the city.
The care given by my child's doctor was excellent.  She knew how to approach my son properly with his mental condition.  Dr. XXXXXXXX is a nice, friendly doctor and we feel comfortable with her.  She also answered our questions in a way that we can understand it.
The care has been outstanding.  I think because of ages of my kids it's hard to talk about the child in front of the child.  I think it would be good to have a room where you could have a private conversation with the doctors away from the child.  The wait list is so insane and the blocks are short.
The care provided by the nursing staff is excellent.  We miss and appreciate all their hard work.  Thank you, thank you all XOXO
The care that my foster son received was excellent.  Everyone show extreme interest in his rehabilitation  We have been supported extremely well by everyone, especially by XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
The care was outstanding and I hope the hospital will continue in the direction it is going  I cannot help but express my joy and happiness for the entire staff.  The facility is super  Continue the good work
The care was phenomenal, all staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX were great, thank you very much.
The care was very good, however with COVID, and XXXXXXXXX there was very limited food/coffee to buy for parents  The cafeteria should be staffed 7 days a week, even if it had limited food
The care we get is excellent  but we are not getting enough care.
The care we received at XXXXXXXXX was exceptional.  Everyone worked so hard to deliver therapy that would have the maximum impact.  Staff really care & seem to love their work.  Thank you so very much.
The child and family caregiver were treated with incredible professionalism.  The whole experience was an amazing experience and you will have our gratitude for ever.  THanks
The doctor can't see him anymore because he's XX but that the doctor will see his son if there's an emergency.
The doctor's should be more interested on the child's health after the 1st appointment assessment.  I felt that we just went to his regular pediatrician and not to a specialist.
The drs we saw were amazing.  I just wish the pool was made available to us, as I feel it would help with his rehab.  XXXX  Thank you!
The entire staff at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (SORD Unit) are truly amazing. They took great care of my son during his stay there.  Thank you for hiring such amazing staff.
The experience was excellent - staff asked very detail questions.  The only issue I had was appointment was booked way too late.  I wish I could see someone about my daughter's care sooner.  Thank you!
The food should include more protein and fruits and vegetables. The food was mostly carbohydrates.
The health care team has been phenomenal!
The health workers and therapists demonstrate high level of compassionate, kind, caring and understanding towards my child's needs thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The hospital has an amazing services  The hospital staff are very good with all the client.  Thank you very much for your support, help and love!
The hospital is a bit overly bureaucratic a lot of forms but the care is fine.
The hospital only opens on weekdays, so we always need to ask for a leave from school when we have an appointment. If the hospital can open on weekend, my child would not have to miss some classes from school. For my child's braces problem, I have to wait for more than one month to see the orthotic therapist, 'cause she is too busy. And during this one month time, my son's refuses to wear the braces as he said too painful.
The ladies were amazing right from the beginning  all the way through.
The last experience wasn't a great one  They had a referral with XXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXX had test and info from 8 years ago an  nothing recent  If your going to be referring a doctor the recent tests should be first and not the oldest  The conversation was completely skewed as there hasn't been an issue in 8 years  There was miscommunication between hospitals and should have had up to date information
the last therapist we had for her walking her name is XXXXXXXXXXXXX who is retired that kind of therapist it wouldn't jive with. the therapists now i find are not on the same page would tel me 3 mths than tell me they cant i had to do all the calling and it would  be nice if they could help out  i try to work out the important dates and work around it all luckily enough everyone was on board but sometimes there are occasions where ive had 0 luck would be nice if they were more flexible;le with there time and the child more time to work with them instead of talking if they schedule you for 1 they should be there at 1 or try not to overbook on the same day with the same time we don't think they are on the same page.  communication needs worked on  we have another therapist who is retiring and if we had not gotten in in XXXXXX would they have told us?  i feel the whole place has gone downhill we were in  for rehab and there was a mishap for meds where my child was almost overdosed they have a few good apples there and as few that don't seem to  know what they were doing i find they are lazy and don't care about anything else. i will say they have had good people that have gone but i feel like now they don't communicate.
The medical care and staff are very good.  They are taking care of my daughter.   They support us with all the things we asked about.  Thanks for that they are amazing people.  They are always follow up they are on top of it.
The only issue was limited access.
The only recommendation I would make is because with covid they are limiting who can come into the hospital  in our case we have to ask for an exemption  we need mother  father and a nurse to go. I have back issues and the nurse needs help to lift her so the father has to go and I'm the primary caregiver. once its been approved once for the feeding clinics it should have on record and we shouldn't have to go through hoops every time. Once you've been cleared it should stay on file every time. Our daughter has a neurological disorder so we need a lot of help  even to drive there we need 3. once there are exceptions it should stay consistent and have more flexibility with that piece. Especially with a feeding clinic. At lot of the time you need at least 2 people to do the lift so you need the extra bodies. Just the extra flexibility with the household exceptions with the families  if they're all in the same house household there would be minimal extra risk. I've talked to a lot of families and a lot of us that adds a lot of extra risk. If we didn't have to repeat it every time to go through that same hoop so every time its cleared. Last time we went to clinic we had to rebook it and when we went to clinic it was a rebook and the exception did not go through to the rebook so we had to jump through the hoops there at the clinic. We have to be 3 with her at all times. I know with covid you're trying to limit but if its the same household then if one of us have it we all have it.
The only thing I would've prefer is that my child had the same nurse, because in her case it was very important she's letting do anything to a person she knows, such as checking temperature and etc
The only thing was that I had to follow up with the nurse to get my sons appointments booked  it seemed as though the ball had been dropped.  I had to follow up three weeks later and it was only then that she booked with the therapist.
The people at there are best  professional and very caring. They cover everything every time and don't miss out a thing.
The physiotherapist that we visited has been working with XXXXX for quite a while, but she's leaving so next time you conduct a survey I might have different answers since there might be a different person, it's been a blight to deal with but we've been getting through it but if you ask again in a month or two I might have different answers.
The PT/OT team changed our sons life.  The whole hospital team worked so well together to ensure his needs were met and cared about our well being as caregivers
The questions is too long
The respondent burden on the survey is high - too long!
The service is great that my son gets  but if we could see the doctor more often that would be great.  I know because of Covid it is hard.
The Speech Services my child received was great.  If it wasn't for his speech therapist and all her work and understand my child wouldn't be at the level he is today.  So thankful for XX and the great speech staff.
The speech therapist helping my kid; from the start of the pandemic up to now has been helping.
The staff are very knowledgeable, respectful and helpful.  My child's progress over the years is due to the professional care and support he receives.
The staff are wonderful people to deal with.  Dr. XXXXXX is a knowledgeable.  She explains things so well we all understand, is patient and kind.  She will be greatly missed as my son transitions to adult dr's.  Love the use of the portal!!
The staff was always a delight to deal with and made all of us very comfortable. We were so happy to be able to be treated there following surgery at XXXXXXXXX and found the follow up care to be excellent and thorough.
The staff were amazing at XXXXXXXXX!
The staff, nurses, doctors, therapists at XXXXX has been nothing but pleasant thank you for everything that you have done for my son
The students need a bit more guidance with how to talk to parents.
The survey was answered based on the speech therapy my daughter receives.  It's excellent and we are most grateful to XXXXXXXXXX!
The team pointed me in the right direction were she is at without that she wouldn't have done that. They have done a god job showing her and pointing her in right direction. They have been fantastic
The therapeutic, clowns were amazing we both enjoyed them
The therapies exceed the expectations that I had.  Only I need say thank you again.
The therapist I think goes above and beyond
The therapists that were provided for XXXXXXX deserve the utmost respect as they do it with their hearts which providers these children with the best therapy imaginable.
The virtual care during Covid 19 has been helpful  Thanks!
The visits are always really helpful.
The wait time for an appointment is too long. It feels like we are being ignored.
The waiting time should be less. The elevator close so fast and my child is in a wheelchair
The whole experience was great I told the therapist that as much as I enjoyed the visits I hoped I never see her again. It was a very positive experience for us the occupational therapist and doctors were amazing.
The whole health care team at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX are guardian angels.  We could not survive without them  Keep up the fantastic work!
The XXXX team has been nothing but wonderful. They are patient, caring, sincere and knowledgeable. I'm extremely glad that my child is in good hands. Thank you XXXXXXX, XXXXXX and XXXXX!
Therapist is excellent.  Interacts with my child in a positive manner - is very patient  Great service.  Thank you.
There are alternative therapies available that are no discussed  Having the staff be more educated on alternative therapies would help clients and families
There still put him on a wait list, my child would do better if a small group of children would be put in small portion of leaving or one on one, he's so behind teacher say so.  I hope my child doesn't have to wait too long
They always were positive
They are a fantastic place for young kids under 18 the staff is wonderful and fantastic and dedicated to the kids
They are always very thorough detailed.
They are excellent and we cannot survive without them They are there for you when you need them  I miss the one on one as compared to a team but I guess that's something I need to get accustomed to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the one place in the world that understands my child and the way he behaves and doesn't blink an eye or judge  I am extremely grateful to them  We do not get this support elsewhere
They are really good to him.  No concerns  they went above and beyond.
They are really really good at taking care of my child.
They are the best people and ery helpful thank you very much
They did a wonderful job. I think it is a great place. All the people are there very nice.
They did an excellent job all the time. I don't have anything bad to say. It's just sometimes the clinic hours. I would really like to be apart of a parent information session or something like that if they have it because Im never available in the afternoon to come and they aren't open on the weekends. I would really like some information and possibly a class on how to cope with these stressful times and what not  even before covid. I just hope that I will be able to learn something.
They don't tell you what's the next step in terms of what therapies are needed. After diagnosis they don't tell you who to contact and how to get it. A little help in this field would be appreciated. Like for my child  he was diagnosed with autism and I did not know if he specifically needs a speech therapist or other therapist. I do follow a Facebook group too and everybody struggles.
They have an excellent team and they try to be as informative as they can. Some staff I think is just working for the money  but most of the staff is helpful. XXXXXXXXX is also an excellent place for people with disabilities because of the programs that they provide and the care that they do.
They need to continue screening people they are hiring because I had numerous therapist and they have done amazing job for my child so I want to congratulate them for hiring the right people for the job.
They need to put 'university' in the question about the highest grade or level of school that you have completed.
They only except kids for speech therapy if they are at a certain level and he was not.
They took great care of my child.  We are grateful for all the support from doctors, nurses, therapists, clowns, cleaning and meal serving staff.
They very good at stacking our appointments so see a lot of people in one day. It is a long day for XXXXX but we are from out of town.  They are very  accommodating  making sure we see everyone.  The Nurses are the best  and Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX is very good  they answer questions and give support and provide care over the phone.
They were excellent
Think they are doing an amazing job.  The people you hire are great.  Amazing job at hiring people that have compassion and sympathy for parents.
Third parties service providers such as motion specialties, should have same level of quality care and standards as XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX staff and services thanks
This is an excellent facility with fantastic drs & staff.  My child is happy to come here
This is the best hospital that we have been to along side XXXXXXXXX  They are both excellent!  Thank you!
This questionnaire didn't really apply to my son.  We never been to the centre at all!  Didn't answer most questions.
This was an annual visit.
This was my child's last appointment at this clinic due to his age so may have influenced some answers.
Thoughtful by Dr. XXXXX and medical student, who seemed to understand the situation very well.  My child's pediatrician was kept informed.  Did not receive any follow up calls for PT - wasn't a big deal.   We opted not to do the XXXXXXXXX follow up appointment.   Only negative to note was the time it took to get an appointment.
To the leadership, to the staff, to the team and to the individual from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, my family gratitude is more much!  My family thanks you for the great job towards my child life support you provided, God will reward you!
Too many frequently changed doctors
Translated from Arabic - I would like to thank XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX very, very much for what they provided me and my child in terms of direction and guidance toward the right steps to be taken in my child???s rehabilitation journey.  It was extremely valuable assistance.  I thank the hospital, and in particular Dr. XXXXXXXX.  She is a wonderful physician, who is understanding, intelligent and compassionate.  I also thank XXXXXXXXXXXXXX from the OT Department.  I wish you continued success.
Vending machine is not working which they provide  but everything was good
Very happy with everything!
Very inefficient..
Very long wait times to see a specialist!
Very professional  We were very pleased.  Thank you!
Very satisfied with the care and service provided to my daughter while there extremely satisfied with the speech therapist
Very satisfied with the service, everything been so slow because of Covid  I rather in person not Zoom  Thank you!
very satisfied with the services  i received
Very thankful to XXXXXXXXX & all the staff  We were lucky to have been able to stay there.
Very thing was very great I could not have asked for any better care to get through this difficult time I keep up the great work I am very thankful for all the people at the hospital.
Visits are always to adjust my child's medication, but we only discovered recently that there had been no prescription issued. Neither the doctor nor us, the parents, had noticed until the pharmacy  pointed it out. Also, we are asked to track his behavior, but we have to come up with our own tools to do so.
Waiting lists should be abolished for children :  - Wait times are too lengthy & age changes needs.  - Need longer more frequent 1:1 with child : much of the actual therapy is given to parents & then we are responsible - too much burden on parents.
We always have the most amazing care at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  Virtual care has been tough and we are looking forward to more in person services
We are always happy with the care we receive.  We are happy to have it.
We are extremely lucky to be in Canada and to receive the excellent care for an illness we knew nothing about.  The staff of XX are one of a kind and are exceptional in performing their duties.  Thank you!
We are ok.
We are profoundly thankful for the help we received at XX the therapists, nurses, rec staff, clowns, etc are simply amazing.  We will never forget their kindness!  Thank you!
We are so happy the we are being seen at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  I feel that we are continually receiving the best care for our child.
We are thankful to the team at XX - especially thankful to have the same therapist provide consistent care each year.  That has been very important to our son's progress & motivation & his levels of comfort
We are truly blessed and feel so privileged to have had the opportunity to bring our son to this outstanding centre.  With deep respect and gratitude to all the wonderful people in XXXXXXXXX.  God bless and keep you safe!
We are very happy with the quality of services provided by XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. We are just concerned about the cleanliness (e.g. clients and/or therapists going on the plinths wearing street shoes; if therapist takes off shoes, he/she touches the client right after removing shoes without washing hands). The comment about cleanliness does not apply to all, just some of the healthcare providers we encountered. We are aware that treatment areas are sanitized after each treatment session, but we feel further precautions can be implemented to improve cleanliness (not just appearance as asked in the survey).
We are very pleased with this progress.  We are very pleased with his therapist.  He is making a lot of progress. We can see that.  We feel that his weekly visits with his therapists are very beneficial to him.  We are very thankful.  There is such a facility available for my son and children that need this type of service.  Overall we are very pleased.  We are pleased with the care that he is receiving the therapist he is working with the communication between me and my husband with the therapist they are always very transparent.
We are waiting for support for my child's casting for her leg and splints for her left foot. We are also waiting for Botox for her left hand and foot.
We as a family are grateful to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for the treatment that our child has received.  The whole team that worked on the treatment were very efficient.  Mixed feeling on the transition to adult care for our child.
We attended speech therapy virtually so some questions did not apply to us  We worked with XXXXXXXXXXXXXX (Speech-Lang Pathologist)  She was "fantastic"  My son XXXX enjoyed her sessions and she was always so positive, enthusiastic and personable and we made great progress
We came in for an assessment of ASD for our child. We met with Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX twice, once for assessment and once for the report. Our child was assessed to be below the spectrum, and as a result, no follow-up treatment was to be expected directly from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. We were advised of possible paths to further our investigation and diagnosis.
We can't thank you enough  You all were awesome  Thank you
We do not have any negative feedback. Everyone there has been caring and kind. We are thrilled have them on our team.
We get good service from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  Thanks
We got excellent service and we are really appreciative.  We are really satisfied.
We had a very positive experience at XX!  Great staff and facility  XXXX will always remember "the trampoline room"
We had excellent care there. They really take the whole family into consideration which was really nice. We were inpatients there and lived there for 3 months they really take your whole family into consideration.
We have always been so impressed with all the individuals we interact with at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX!  Excellent level of care.
We have been a client for 2 years it has been exceptional service if I need something address I felt like I could approach the therapist or doctor and her needs were met.
We have been extremely pleased with the care and support of the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  We would highly recommend it to anyone.
We have been satisfied with the care we have gotten.  The team does listen and does support the situation the best that they can.  No complaints.
We have been very pleased at all of the services provided to our son as both an inpatient and outpatient.  I feel though that referrals have been made to an adult facility as he is XX years old without anyone explaining this to us.  I was blindsided.
We have had nothing but good experiences
We have had only 2 intake interviews at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  No therapy sessions.  As such, I did not fill out your survey/questionnaire
We have only been at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX once for an initial assessment so it is very difficult to give definitive answers on care etc.
We have regular home visits & our facilitator is wonderful with me & my daughter.  Always eager & prepared & lovely to be around
We just had one time visit with Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX. He was so great, very supportive and understanding thanks a million to him and all your staff. Regards
We love the playroom, it is so valuable to be able to bring patient's sibling with us.  Our patient looks forward to it too - and it gives me a rest.  We love XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - so easy to print off & give to other providers at XXXXXXXXX, thank you for everything
We love them there!   We are so grateful for them.   I couldn't be more grateful.
We loved having an appointment on XXXXXXXX it was very helpful that my son did not have to miss any school time.  Thank you XXXXXXXXX for adding this option!
We miss XXXXXXXXX so much  XXXXXXX talks about it daily and shares her amazing memories!  We couldn't have asked for a better stay!  However, the older charge nurse was extremely rude to XXXXXXX's dad, me and grandma multiple times in the 3 months
We never went in person and my child will not participate virtual so it was just me on consults.
We really appreciate the combination of appointments offered.  Our daughter has a limited window of tolerance for appointments!  We have combined OT/PT, XXXXXXXXXXX and combined OT/orthotics.  My only feedback is that the swimming programs are not easy to sign up for.
We really loved coming here for therapy
We stayed at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for three months and I must say it far exceeded our expectations. Each and every staff member at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX from reception, care staff, nursing, recreation staff, accommodations, physicians, social work, clowns, school personnel to food services treated us as though we were a part of their XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX family. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX truly became a home away from home. As in patients we could not have asked for better care. The superb nursing, physiotherapy, occupational therapy and physician care contributed to our daughters rehabilitation success. Each and every day she was greeted with kindness, smiles, encouragement and support that made her feel important and drove her to strive harder each day. The team at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX also maintained an open line of communication with our family so that we knew our daughter's goals and how we would all work together to achieve them. The in patient program kept our daughter involved and active each and every day. Of course there were difficult days in which case our social worker or nurse would spend the time to sit and work through the challenge, or the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clowns would turn the corner and brighten her day. We really could not have asked for a better experience. Many thanks.
We were an inpatient at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for 3.5 Months and then 2 weeks day patient we are very grateful to all the staff and all departments for working together, helping us recover after surgery.  Keep it up
We were at the hospital for an assessment not therapy. Overall I found therapy is not offered or is expensive at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Parking is also expensive and the hospital is not easily accessible by TTC.
We were disappointed that there was no access to a psychologist  Food choices were not so great!
We were extremely overwhelmed with our son's negative health diagnosis.  The team at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is doing an excellent job of taking care of our whole family.  They are so great at helping us through every step of his healthcare.  We could not get through everything without them.
We were impressed by the care and courtesy of ALL staff. Resources for parent well being (internet, (unreadable) & physical activity) were limited, but experience for kids was outstanding.
We were inpatient for 6 weeks. My one main concern is rooms. We had a roommate who kept us up most nights quite a bit. When we asked about switching rooms, we were told we could likely be placed in a room where we would get more sleep. This ended up not happening because of too many "challenges". Apparently from what we heard, two other families did not want to be apart due to faith issues. We feel this is unacceptable. We don't get to choose roommates based on religion. Our sleep deprivation and child's post op recovery should have been more of a priority. We left early and the main reason was sleep deprivation. If a patient is a chronic snorer and/or disruptive at nights, they should be given a private room so other patients are not kept up.
We were sad that XXXXX wasn't able to take advantage of pool or continue to attend school physically etc due to pandemic.  There were so many changes, however, the staff did an amazing job to continue with her care + support the two of us
We were totally impressed with the care and support over and above.  From the time we landed there it was all about our son and we truly appreciate it.
We were treated in home
We were very happy with the quality of care that we received and hopefully we can come back for more therapy our therapist was great
We were well informed and our child was well cared for at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  My only recommendation is that there be greater flexibility with respect to appointment times.  You can get baseline testing during the evening but everything else is during the day.
We would not be even close to the same place with our child + our mental well being if it was not for her.
We're happy we were able to get into XXXXXXX and we're grateful for the help and care we received while there.  The whole team works very well all together.  It's also so good to have the accommodations for parents to stay.
We've had an amazing experience.
When a parent is staying in the room especially with sleep hours, maybe it is a good thing if the nurses can limit the number of times they visit the child in the night.   This make it difficult for the parent to sleep - every hour!  It ruins the sleep of the patient!!
When he was an inpatient the care was excellent but when he stayed as respite they just flop food down and walked away sometimes did not have utensils it seemed like they did not have time for him.  But later they switch to another unit  birth or bert unit and things improve some.
When my baby start for her therapy she's X month old this coming XXXXXXXXXX  Thank you + god bless!!
With the new covid protocols - they didn't have a record of my son's appointment - so we had to wait quite a bit so that was a bit frustrating.
Wonderful - never rushed.  There was time for all my questions and my child's
Wondering if there's more to therapy like teaching him how to speak more or longer therapy hours.  If you can leave him at your school full time.  Thank you for helping my son, you guys are amazing.
Would like to see a parent's forum established for the rare generic diseases because there are so many of them.  I'd like a platform for parents to share views experiences outside resources and information.  Would also like to see a monthly meeting held with school officials so parents and school officials are on the same page.
Would love to provide some feedback to learners as well.  As parents spend first part of outpatient clinic visit with a developmental fellow for example, that experience if often a piece of key information from parents.  We have been seeing providers in outpatient rehab, development, neurology and ophthalmology forever there and do have stayed with the good physicians.  So I knew our physician when they came in would get it.  The fellows often however do not yet have enough experience, lack empathy or a thorough understanding of what parents go through.  Additionally, the nurse at the clinic could also work to a fuller scope, ideally to have research the child's condition, added some value to the experience to ensure value and not just weight and height and medrec.  It would be wonderful to have access to other professionals when the child does not have a diagnosis of autism.  Sometimes accessing services and professionals at Bloorview are too specific.  If you are rare and have a complex syndrome but not the common CP, autism you cannot get access to therapies and services needed.
XX continues to be the gold standard in Rehabilitation services for children. Absolutely amazing team all around. Thank you once again.
XX is an incredible hospital we adore everyone we have worked with!
XXXX has been an amazing physiotherapist, he works very well with our daughter, and he's given us great tools and plans to use at home.  She is progressing so well, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has been fantastic.
XXXXXX had been staying at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX since XXXX (X year old) and was given the best care ever by one nursing team since then, I'm totally grateful for it  Unfortunately, she passed away last month (XXX) that shocked for all of us.  She is a sweet and happy girl and always smile to us  I'll always missed her.  Thank you for providing such an excellent care for her during the whole period when she staying here  We will remember it forever. XXXX's family
XXXXXXX at the counter was fabulous  talked to daughter about how she had had a ct as a child as well  took the time to make her feel and comfortable  and safe. She is the second floor receptionist.
XXXXXXX received excellent care from everyone.  Two people especially stood out  1.  Nurse XXXXXX (SODR)  2.  Bed maker XXXX
XXXXXXX was fantastic as a resource and a sense of welcoming and support as we began the rehab journey in outpatient. She also was good at communicating his status of transition to inpatient well and was good at relaying information or questions to the team that I may have had come up in conversation with her. Thank you so much for helping our little boy on his road to recovery!
XXXXXXXXX is a fantastic facility & we love Dr. XXXXXXXX. She is so sweet, supportive and makes us feel comfortable.
XXXXXXXXX is far away from where we live.  Going there for therapy can be difficult.  It makes us reluctant to schedule appointment and to avail. ourselves to the services there.  Is it possible to bring services into the community?
XXXXXXXXXX is our SLP therapist  She's been working with my child on and off for the last 3-4 years  Even on Zoom calls, she is always engaging our child and makes him feel always welcome  We love her!
XXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXX were all absolutely incredible and we will never forget their support.  We are so thankful for them.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has been an excellent support for our family.  Everyone of the staff we have dealt with in 13 years have been wonderful XX has provided hope in a time when we had a scary diagnosis.  Our son is a happy kid with confidence to have a great future.  Thank you!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a godsend!  Thank you
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a wonderful hospital for children.  It is very clean.  The staff are very courteous.  My appointments always start on time.  And, I appreciate that I can access my son's appointment and follow up information on Connect 2 Care.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is a wonderful place! We have always felt welcome. The staff are very professional, helpful and all around wonderful people! Absolutely love the atmosphere here!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is amazing  You guys did amazing job for the most part  The hospital is amazing  I am so blessed what they did for XXXXXXXXX's life  I could not have asked for better hospital and staff.  Specially  they need to be recognized so much  The staff volunteers all people doing placement and recreation  I can't even thank them enough  They were so amazing  I could hear XXXXXXXXX laughing from distance  They significantly need recognition.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is amazing.  Thank you for all the support.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is amazing. My daughter is happy and every doctor and nurses are amazing.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is an excellent facility/ hospital.  We were very impressed with the amount of activities offered & genuine level of care offered.  Staff was amazing!!  Respiratory therapist were exceptional & doctor & nurses.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is awesome  I wish there was a shorter waitlist. Overall I was very happy.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is excellent  I love them.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is fantastic  and they do excellent work. Glad my daughter is in their care.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is phenomenal and I'm so happy that XXXX gets to work with her.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is simply the best!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the most wonderful place, I always recommend it to many parents.  My experiences over the years has been a positive one - everyone is amazing and caring, my son XXXXXX who has attended XX for 8 years loves it and my grandson XXXXXX loves coming down, it's like a second home  Thank so much.  XXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was a excellent rehab hospital  Words cannot express how incredible the program.  My daughter was treated with compassion and respect.  All staff were amazing, kind, polite, they always made her feel important.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the best hospital I have had.  My son and I have had good time during my son's rehab
Yes  I would just like to say that both my children have had the most amazing experiences at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and of the lengthy care we've had elsewhere  It's been the best and we appreciate everyone we've spoken to at the hospital.
Yes, I feel like when to comes to physio, the therapist need to spend more time on the kids by providing all the exercises they need rather than to talk and give you some of things they want you to come with them at home because I feel like they do better than us.
Yes, we had our appointment with XXXXXXXXXX  She is amazing She is the best OT/seating person I have met so far  XXXX has CP and high spasticity seating can be very very challenging and XXXX is the only one so far that was able to make comfortable and safe seating for him really appreciate that  Thanks to her from our family with out proper seating we really suffer as a family  Seating is very important for us  XXXXXXXXXXXX
You guys are great
You guys should keep up the good job.
You know so basically in XXXXXXX he was seen at the dental department but there was issues with the doctor so they rescheduled multiple times. As you know  the waiting time is really long and once it was determined that he needed the dental work (in XXXXXXX or XXXXXXXX) and his work was not until XXXX. Us adults can speak when we are in pain but children not so much. Nobody is going to hire more doctors. It's everywhere  not just you guys. The waiting time for different kind of specialists is very long in my opinion  and I don't think I am alone. Many parents would say the same thing.
Your hospital does amazing things.  So grateful for your existence!
 (1) Extremely uncomfortable "beds"/examination states?? (2) Not ergonomic (3) Hard to clean (4) Found candy wrappers in them (5) Cause major back pain after hours spent on them in ER ER DOES NOT always send reports of ER visits to patient's doctor/specialist
 1. Left door open while naked - fell asleep while in pain and woke up to bottom exposed. 2. Left untreated for 6+ hours. 3. Doctor was extremely rude regarding IUD choice and asked if I wanted it removed then stated the IUD was causing infection after I said no. 4. Doctor did not have the correct tool (IUD) for removal and attempted with fingers while I was in extreme pain till after 3rd attempt. 5. Doctor made unusual comment regarding her experience helping woman with drug addictions (It felt directed to me). 6. Referral to Dr. XXXXXXX was made and doctor & nurse stated I would receive call in 1 - 2 weeks regarding diagnosis - no call Dr. XXXXXXX stated he had no knowledge  and I had to wait 2 additional weeks so he could get my results. from your hospital. 7. Conclusion: I waited a month after hospital visit to be told I only had a urinary tract infection (UTI) and did not have to remove my IUD. I just had the worst hospital visit that has truly impacted my comfort when going to the hospital alone. On top of everything I cannot even get another IUD.
 A little too long to receive pain medication (kidney stone)
 A patient in my ward was tested and determined to be Covid -19 positive - this was concerning and also impacted my discharge by several hours and I had to be submit to another Covid test.
 About 7 hours after arriving at the hospital, a nurse came into my room, told me that my wife XXXXXX was there. (I was her sole caregiver for a year and ten months; XXXXXX was bedridden from a stroke. The nurse told me that she had pneumonia..). She was on a ventilator. Diagnosed with bacterial pneumonia, admitted to ICU. Dr. XXXXXXX was her doctor there; he told us that she was dying, and asked me what her wishes would be. I decided to do the right thing, and let her pass. We had discussed our wishes, and both agreed; no major intervention! I just want to thank the doctors and staff for their kindness and empathy at the end of XXXXXX's life. She and I were both born at XXXXXXXX, we love you guys! XXXXXXXXXXX died on XXXXXXXXXXXXX, around 5 PM, with her mother, step-dad, my aunt, uncle and cousin (and myself of course) in attendance. She had a peaceful passing....I was holding her hand.   God bless you all for your kindness
 Apparently hospital staff initially did not realize I was diabetic. I had a blood test and was told my sugar content was high at 25 but even then I did not get insulin until the third day. I was semi-delirious.
 As an unvaccinated male against COVID- 19 (BTW I am not an anti-vaxxer, or vaccine hesitant as I've had all of my vaccines), I thought the triage nurse's head was going to snap off when she asked me if I've had both shots of the COVID vaccine and I said "no." The triage nurse then asked me if I had received one dose, to which I replied no. From that point on I sensed a change in her demeanor. When called in by the same nurse for further background info, I felt like a leper. BTW this is from a triage nurse, who is double vaxxed, wearing a mask and face shield, while I'm also wearing a hospital issued mask. To add further insult, when I was later called up for my name tag/info, I could not help notice that I was the only one of approximately 20+ people in the emerg waiting room, wearing an info wrist band that was "red" in colour. I further mentioned this to the attending doctor who indicated that it is usually for someone with an allergy. Well that is not the case with me, as I have no allergies and was asked that question. The level of prejudice, segregation, and divide must stop now! It starts right from the top with our current prime minister, down through our media, and now cleary into our hospital emergency department. I consider myself a critical thinker, and I am extremely concerned about being jabbed with an untested, unproven vaccine still in it's level III clinical trial 'till XXXX. Furthermore as every conversation with the triage nurse is over a "microphone loud speaker," everyone in that emergency waiting rm knew I was unvaccinated. Thinking back, I'm surprised I wasn't place in a separate room. The hate is real and it must stop, for essentially what amounts to a flu shot! I could just imagine the uproar, if the same segregation and divide was done for someone indicating they were HIV positive or had AIDS! BTW, going back to the microphone/loudspeaker while my purpose for being there wasn't overly personal, but for others it was. By just sitting in the emerg waiting room, I knew every reason why each individual was there for, and who was vaccinated or not ... that should not be! Anyway, for your info and as you deem necessary. Thank you.
 As soon as emergency doctor was informed my mother had dementia she was treated as a mental patient and not for a broken wrist which was improperly set in the emergency room. The stay on the ward the cleaning staff was excellent the majority of nurses were good. The doctor on the ward was horrible. Yelled at my mom as if she was deaf and treated her as if she had the IQ of a toddler. She really needs to take some courses on dealing with elderly people with dementia. She was very demeaning. My mother left much worse off mentally than when she was admitted. She was independent and doing quite well. I realize falls can change the progression of dementia but I feel like of support accelerated decline. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX daughter XXXXXXXXXXXX
 Care was good discussed DNR with my son I - sadly my wife died.
 Delay in being seen by 1 triage nurse and 2 doctor could have cost me my life Triage nurse doubted I had been stung by wasps, asked "are you sure it's not a sunburn?" When she took my bp it was 50/32 but I was not seen by a doctor for 1.5 hrs.
 Dept was advised wife was under opdivo + yervoy immunotherapy + there was a bad side effect - nausea. Hospital did not consider this at all Prescribed nausea medication but neglected to include dosage or duration on script. Pharmacy filled it anyway. Request to hospital for script clarification went unanswered My wife passed away in XXXXXXXX but I was there with her during this whole unpleasant process I can blame Covid for some of it but doctors ignored immunotherapy side effects + complications
 Disaster! Misdiagnoses - lawsuit pending.
- Doctor I saw did not even introduce himself however I am grateful he found out my problem and more. - Nurse never even spoke to me until I was going home. - Went up for CT scan and came back to my coat and room gone
 Dr. XXXXXXXXXX saw me on XXXXXXX @ 4:30 pm and kept insisting my eyes were fine but I was seeing double vision and seeing grey lines. He would not take out the machine and test me, just kept saying I was fine. I wanted to read to him to show him that I couldn't read properly. He kept dismissing me and tried to rush me out. I kept saying 'no, my eyes are not fine' and wouldn't get off the chair. He then gives Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX a call and an appointment was made to see him. Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX saw me later and said my scar was healed but my ocular lens was dislocated from the package dropping on me. I truly believe that had I not spoken up, I wouldn't have gotten the help that I needed.
 Epidural complications resulted in 2 additional anesthesiologists coming into OR to assist. Both introduced themselves (unreadable) me before attempting to do very challenging time for me very well (unreadable) they (unreadable) especially the nurse "holding" me while they tried. While unsuccessful they were patient and very kind. Amazing! The bed in room was (unreadable) movement for bedsores - very annoying and night nurse did not know how to stop it. It would be not to have more staff mechanical issues but they work (unreadable) & if that's my (unreadable) complaint My epidural was (unreadable).
 First visit to emerg my issue was not handled properly. Was released in 2 hrs with improper meds Second visit next day brought results & I was kept 3 nights for IV drugs Much better on release.
 First, I have had all 3 of my children here & have always loved the hospital. Also, have worked as an RN for XXXX @ this hospital. This ER visit was horrible. My primary nurse never smiled made eye contact, or introduced herself. She put me in a room that was a ?chair/bed with no paper on it offered no blanket. Looked dirty. Left lights on overhead. I was writhing in pain when she did blood work I asked what was wrong, she was defensive to the point of being rude. Once blood work taken, I was returned to second waiting room to wait for xray. No other communication. I was in so much pain and the care was so terrible that I asked physician (as I was on way to xray) if I could go home after that. He gave me appt for ultrasound, (the following day) I had xray and left. Note my primary nurse was sitting @ nurse's station "chatting" with other nurses and on her cell phone. ER physician was aware of my poor treatment by her and that this was reason for me leaving. I have never been treated so poorly in ER anywhere. She doesn't deserve to have a job. And I had ultrasound @ XXXX as scheduled. Radiologist called my GP within an hour. I had acute cholegystitis and I spoke to a surgeon within the week & had a lap chole on XXXXXXXXXX so I was in real pain with an acute diagnosis. She treated me as if I was wasting her time. I can be reached @ XXXXXXXXXXXX if you would like to discuss further. XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXX PS. Usually nurses are better in this ER, that is why I was shocked @ treatment. Also - when she did EKG & lifted my top & placed electrodes, I asked why they didn't use gowns anymore. My whole chest was exposed. Her words - verbatim "you came in with clothes, why should we provide them for you?" Also triage nurses here always cold with flat affect but primary nurses usually friendly. XXXX can do better!!
 Had to ask 4 different times for a glass of water. Was eventually hooked up to antibiotic drip that was left in too long + I started to bleed back into tubing ... had to walk with pole into hallway to seek help to disconnect tubing which caused bleeding down arm while waiting to be picked up! Not a great experience!
 Had to come back second time ongoing problem was not improving Was not corrected until second visit
 I admitted myself with a metallic foreign body in my right eye. Very painful, however several persons in less discomfort then we were attended to before me. I had to make a fuss and explain that I really was in pain before I was treated. My right eye is my only good eye. Why do I have to convince the admitting staff that I'm in pain? Persons that arrived long after I did, and who were in good spirits, one even with symptoms that subsided during the wait were treated before me. When I was ultimately treated, the physician scraped no fewer than 25 metallic particles from on and around my right cornea. A considered response would be appreciated E-mail XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 I am a XX who has worked @ XXX for XX years. This was my second knee replacement so I knew what to expect. I had asked for pain meds on a few occasions and it was never brought promptly. The night of surgery I was made to wait 90 minutes to the point that I was in extreme pain. I was assisted once by physio to get up and walk. After that I was never offered assistance and was never checked up on when I got out of bed. My pre op nurses who prepared me for surgery were phenomenal. My OR nurses were kind & caring. And my PACU nurses went above & beyond to take excellent care of me. Every physician I encountered were excellent. My anesthetist, Dr. XXXX was exceptional in explaining everything in detail even though he knew I was an XX, and I actually work with him on a regular basis. Dr. XXXXXXXXX as always was amazing. There were a few other things that happened during my stay that surprised me as a fellow XXXXX I have had many surgeries and all four of my children were born at XXX and I have always had an amazing experience. So I was somewhat surprised this time. I am happy to speak to anyone else about this if needed. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 I arrived to the Emergency Department after taking an ambulance from a walk in clinic. I have had a kidney stone before, and based on the blood and debris in my urine sample, the walk in doctor confirmed that I was passing a kidney stone. While in the walk in clinic, the pain became excruciating and I could no longer drive myself anywhere. The walk in doctor called an ambulance for me. After being taken for an ultrasound and getting bloodwork done, I was sent home and told nothing was wrong with me and I did not need to be there. I was still in pain. The next day, my family doctor called me regarding 'confusing emergency room notes'. I was informed by the receptionist of my family doctor's office that I had a kidney infection and required antibiotics to treat it. The Emergency Department did not tell me this, nor tell me I needed treatment. This one of the most offensive visits I have had to XXXXXXXXXXXX. I feel strongly that my mental health history is impacting my physical care. My symptoms not being taken seriously, all blamed on my mental health and health anxiety. I have been beaten down so much  by the healthcare system that even though I KNEW I had a kidney stone and required some kind of medication, I did not question when I was sent home because I knew pushing further would result in the state of mental health coming into question. The Emergency Room has become a place of embarrassment for me. Coming to the hospital is not fun. I do it only when I am in so much pain I cannot manage it myself at home. I do not come to be told I am imagining symptoms, and be made to feel stupid for utilizing the free healthcare I am entitled to in XXXXXXX. I think it is awfully convenient to receive this survey after this specific Emergency Room visit, because I believe the mistake was noticed. Someone knows that I was not told I had a kidney infection, nor treated for one. So, this survey was sent. Is this supposed to make me feel better? I cannot express to you the amount of self doubt this kind of treatment creates in a person. I am told enough that things are in my head. I do not need to hear it when my physical health is involved, especially not when I was indeed correct. I am tired of being dismissed. Thank you for this opportunity to share my thoughts. I have been desperate for someone to listen to me for a long time.
 I attended the ER having fallen off a step and rolled my ankle X-rays were taken in short order. I was in great pain I had to ask for ice - which was cheerfully provided Doctor & radiologist reviewed x-rays and determined ankle not broken but advised to follow up in 4 wks or so if still painful and swollen At 4 weeks I attended my chiropractor who ordered x-rays These very clearly showed a mid-shaft displaced fracture of the 5th metatarsal of my left foot I attended the Er a second time (4 1/2 weeks after injury) to obtain a referral to fracture clinic Yet more x- rays were taken and this ER doctor informed me that the initial x-rays were of the ankle only, not the foot, which is why the break was missed. Also, given they had initially thought it was only a (bad) sprain, and I had asked if walking on it would make it worse, and was told 'No'. It would not' - I had been walking on it for a few weeks by the time I saw the orthopedic surgeon at the fracture clinic - now 5 weeks after the injury, the bone had started the healing process but only slightly surgery was not advised because it was such a mess, and, along with the displacement, there were 8-9 fragments We had no choice but to backtrack, employ a walking boot and rest to allow the bone to heal as it should have been allowed to at the beginning My intent is not to get anybody into trouble but to push for a protocol whereby x-rays of the entire foot are taken when anyone presents with "a rolled ankle" I have an additional follow up with the fracture clinic at the 8 week mark We will see where things stand I doubt that surgery could have been performed at the outset either, although, I have no way of knowing whether the break was made worse by walking on it At the very least, with the proper information at the outset, the proper rest and immobilization could have been employed and I might not still be dealing with all this We still don't know if the bone is healing properly now at 8 weeks out Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 I came 4x and sent home I was admitted on the XXX visit and misdiagnosed with Cyatica - which after 6 months in hospital & rehab centres resulted in metastatic breast cancer to the hip & (unreadable) very disappointed with lack of insight from doctors
 I contracted c-difficile so had to stay longer
 I didn't realize how bad my fracture was until I saw the second doctor he looked at the my report & said it was a bad fracture I fist doctor did not make a big deal about it. I have found physiotherapy treatment with a bone fit trained person by researching it I like knowing the true facts
 I felt that patient/dr. confidentiality was disappointing in a ward situation - info was shared that the patients/visitors did not need to hear (one M.D. in particular).
 I felt there was poor communication between nurses about my treatment plan: I had complications after knee surgery + different staff seemed to treat only one issue not the patient as a whole which I think led to admission for me I also was given too many pain medications one night + had a bad reaction that led to me staying longer Discharge instruction on medication to me o my pharmacy were not clear I liked the private room did not like the diet - never gave me choice - did not update was with (unreadable) as my condition changed - always brought the wrong diet I did enjoy the student nurses they were very helpful + had more time I do understand the nursing staff was under pressure
 I have an ileostomy and I have to eat small meals every 2-3 hours. For the 4 days I was there the food I was given the first 2 days including items I could not eat It seemed there was a miscommunication or lack of communication between the nurses and the dietician I met with the dietician on day 2 and she thought it was a new ostomy I explained I had it for a few months but that the food they were giving me I could not eat That day she said she would have a banana delivered (as my potassium was low), but it did not come. The next day I found out that I could get a snack so I asked the nurses, how to get on the snack list, they said they would add me but over the days I was not added to have a snack The nurses pointed to food prep area for not adding and food prep blamed it on the nurses not adding it to my file Needless to say meals are 4-6 hours apart which did not work well for my recovery & ileostomy. Also on day 3-4, there were student nurses and I understand they are learning, but 2 days in a row they asked if I had a bowel movement which I don't have with the ileostomy So I would suggest reading my file before The nurses the first 2 days were amazing, but the last 2 days some nurses I did not see during their shift and I only saw the student nurse who took my vitals. (These nurses seemed to be younger and a bit more distant) If you require any clarification on the above I would be happy to provide. Thank you XXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
 I need someone from administration to contact me. I have recently had major problems with one nurse, and one doctor in particular, but I also need to talk about a small group of nurses that steal pain medication from my meds. XXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX Please have someone from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX's administration contact me please. (an administrator personally) Thank you
 I received very poor ER doctor care on four consecutive visits within three wks Misdiagnosis, flippant responses and contradiction On the last ER visit, with an admission plan from a specialist, the ER doctor refused to acknowledge or listen to me. This prevented me from being admitted hours earlier by the doctor I was to see. XXXXXXXX
 I told the physician I was suicidal & I had chronic pain, the physician told me the hospital doesn't deal with chronic pain or suicidal attempts. The doctor told me to contact XXXXX. I have since found out that I have rheumatoid arthritis throughout my entire body. The was I was treated was unacceptable in every way. It's sad that doctors no longer have to an oath to do no harm
 I was almost immediately brought into an exam room where I sat and waited for the doctor for about 4 hours during this time not a single nurse or other health professional checked in on me or even ask if I was ok. Usually I feel welcome at XXXXXXXXXXXX but not on my last visit I felt as if they forgot about me and when the doctor finally did come to see the first thing he said is I can't help you that a doctor from XXXXXXXX will call me and help me. It's been weeks now since that visit and no doctor from XXXXXXXX called me to address my concerns I feel as if I got nowhere and like I'm not being heard at all. The issue I went to the emergency department for still exist even weeks after the visit but I'm afraid I will have to live with my problem now and learn how to relive my life. If you have any questions about any of this feel free to send me an email and I will be more than happy to discuss this My email is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXX
 I was dehydrated + they put me on the IV but the doctor said I can go home when the IV was still over half full When I begged to finish it - I went home with my same pain. They did not investigated further + why I have strong pain in my bowels. I'm very disappointed.
 I was discharged with the wrong pain medication - Physiotherapy attempted to discharge me before I met the basic milestones after hip replacement surgery - I objected. - I had a reaction to the anesthetic drugs which delayed my recovery - I had a reaction to the initial pain medication which prevented me from fully participating in the physio the first day due to nausea Date of surgery XXXXXXXXX Date of discharge XXXXXXXXX
 I was roughly treated one night by "XXXXXX" I begged her to stop washing my bottom so hard - next day it bled. I mentioned it to "nice" nurse  next day as my family wanted her reported. This nurse said "that's just her manner" she doesn't understand English - not true next day I asked her if her name was "XXXXXX" and she spoke very clearly to me and said "who told you my name"? I told her I asked someone - she said "Oh no" - she did not look after me again - I figured she knew she could be in trouble - but no one talked to me - I just wanted to get out and go home!
 I was twice for one week in the hospital the first week was a bit rough the second week was a bit easier.
 I went 2 times to the Emergency department at XXX after being run over by a car in XXXXXXXXXXX. The first time they just did X-Rays and told me I am 'OK'. Second time they did X-Rays and wanted to send me home because I was 'OK' based on the X- Ray results. After I insisted that I have severe pain, they did a CT scan of the foot and they found a fracture of the second metatarsal but nothing for the shoulder. Similarly, regarding the shoulder, they told me there are 'no issues' based on the X-Rays results. I had to go to the US to have done 2 MRI's and a CT scan of the areas affected by the accident, because I was in so much pain I cannot wait month for an MRI here, in Canada. The results revealed 2 torn tendons, a bony avulsion and effusions. The reality is that XXX failed to diagnose me two times after being injured by a vehicle, even though I had multiple 'visible' wounds and I was complaining about severe shoulder and foot pains. Instead of ordering immediately CT's and MRI's of the affected areas, they did X- Rays that repeatedly failed to show the issues, then they sent me home even though I was barely walking.
 I went for pain management but wasn't given any due to the dr not having enough knowledge about the health concern I had. The physician should have spoken to another physician in the field to get me the proper treatment for the pain. I was turned away and left on my own to find a doctor and seek the corrective treatment and pain meds.
 I went in because a bone fracture injury which was largely (unreadable) except x-ray. Doctors & nurses focused on increasing my perfectly aligned (unreadable) & had nothing to do with me fractures I left the hospital with grossly inflated blood sugar which is now having to be reduced; back to where it was when I went in on XXXXXXXXXX.
 I would like to have a person to talk to (social worker) Dr. XXXXXX and someone to talk to, about how I am doing. I have bipolar since XXXX Dr. XXXXXX almost 40 years XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX because Dr. XXXXXX on is to busy to be my dr. and my social worker. He's a good man, almost a father figure.
 I would love to explain my answers and why I did. I used to be so proud of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXX
 I'm never going back to XX Went in for chest pains & hard time breathing - after my tests showed nothing they sent me home. Five mins later I was in emerg @ XXXXXXXXXX with a severe episode of pericarditis I was on oxygen meds to calm me down XX doctors were more concerned about my vaccination status.
 In emergency I was misdiagnosed and ordered the wrong medication. This set me back, and I ended up back in the hospital. More focus in emergency required.
 It would be nice to speak to the first station (where they viewed ID) without being overheard by strangers waiting in the area
 Lack of privacy The check-in process has the microphone through the glass The entire waiting room is aware of everyone's symptoms. Same for the exam rooms Door were not closed. When doctor came, stood in the doorway Knew ailments/conditions of a least 5 rooms around me.
 Long stay in recovery moved to temp room then moved again to overnight room. This move was rough I vomiting and they bumped into wall and broke catheter bag and the IV bag had to be changed because something caught
 Most nurses were excellent 2 very rude - 1 odd in moods - Dr in Emergency gave me wrong diagnosis then 10 hours later the right diagnosis - had no time for me - None.
 My mother died XXXXXXXXXXXX in ICU. Communication with her was very poor due to her being deaf. Screaming at her simply scared her You need to improve training for staff to communicate with deaf people!
 My second visit when Dr. XXXXXX sent me w/ a rate - the pleasant Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX knew I was allergic to penicillin but sent home w/ a strip w/ penicillin!! What a waste of time. This 200 visit was totally a failure!!
 My surgeon was lousy. I had my catheter installed wrong (I was bleeding into my urine bag) Had to go to emergency 3 times. My surgeon was on vacation & his secretary quit - I was in a crisis as I or my homecare nurses could not reach him, because his phone mail service was full due to secretary quitting while he was away. On my 3rd visit to emergency they called in a Doctor XXXXXX from home. He seen that I was in trouble, + had a crew of helpers + had me in surgery within 3 hours. He then removed the wrongly inst'd catheter, stitched up the internal wound & reinstalled catheter properly - Dr. XXXXXX is an excellent doctor + a super person to come in & look after me on a XXXXXXXX night.
 No 1 visit (a) As no family is available - XXXXXXXXXX visited XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (VA bus). (b) Have infected middle finger (right hand) (c) In triage approx 2hr (very busy). (d) In Arm 8 nurses visited 4 PM (e) 432 Arms dr visit to examine (f) 445 Rx provider - betamenthol bld roll days - dr names - XXXXX? Rx XXXXXXX } room clock 3/5 GN * See notes below on 2nd visit * 2nd visit XXXXXXXXX @ 930 AM (approx) due to no change on finger completed 15 days versus  5 days on Rx returned small jar to pharmacy Finger displays dull pink Shed skin an to often no cut or loss of blood - skin infection Completed visit 1130 (approx) Dr XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - MD at a XXXXXXXXXX office to a (unreadable) my visit was advised in out be 6 days (unreadable) cone am (tel XXXXXXXXXXXXXX) by 11AM - phone called 3 times - with no reply Dr XXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX took a bus to XXXXX, found XXX and was advised no brant booking obtained on business card - "late arrivals will not be seen" Not nice after 3 buses and 2 3/4 hr trip! XXXXX dr did not provide his name
 People's lives matter. You can save a lot of lives by increasing more staff and professionals. Waiting a long time to a doctor then waiting even longer to have an xray or MRI. I could've died The bump on my head could have bleeding inside.
 Room was always cold - Some nurses used too much perfume - For pain management some nurses misread the chart & the doctors' orders Most would under medicate & some would over medicate. - My feet & legs were weeping water & staff would just add another blanket rather then changing bedding. No instructions on what to do about the "weeping" legs when I was discharged.
 That visit I was in a lot of pain and it seemed to take a long time from the triage registering until I was put in a room to see a nurse. I had a catheter that was blocked and resulted in a lot of pain.
 The doctor didn't order the nurses to give me my medicine that I take day to day.
 The food was a significant issue for me as the options I had were so limited that I was malnourished during my stay.
 The hospital staff was amazing They were working at 1/3 their capacity from what I was told. I'm amazed that they kept their cool even in such busy and sometimes chaotic situations. I was not too happy with the anesthesia being administered through my spine I wasn't given a choice I've always had lower back pain which is now worse The doctor was in training and I didn't realize until much later that I could have been given the anesthesia in my arm
 The intake person was rude. - She did not want to hear about the history of my problem. - When asked about my pain and I said 10, she said I don't see you holding a chewed off bloody arm. Then she left me waiting while I thought I was having a heart attack. Other patients were more concerned about me than she was. Everyone else was great.
 The most significant was two-fold. 1. My dtr asked if she should bring in my walker - told no, so I was not able to ambulate at all So when I was discharged, I went into CHF again. I was on the cardiac unit & no one treated my ambulation & health impacts. I was left in a geri chair with my legs up Going home meant back to walking, etc. I went into to XXX at home. 2. Home care services were not restarted on discharge leaving me with no one to do personal care, dress me, put me to bed or get dressed in the morning. I am XX years old - both these geriatric issues should have been on the radar at the point of admission. It was the w/e so no social work, d/c planner & CCAC was not contacted.
 The nurse taking blood was rough and didn't listen when I told her my veins are very small. I ended up with a lot of bruising - the procedure was done quickly and uncaring She did the EKG as well - that was fine
 The nurse taking the blood from my arm was not an able person. She tried 3 times on my right arm. The arm turned all black and swollen, then she took from my left My arm was black for over a month
 The nurse that takes your health card when you arrive at the ER needs to have more compassion and empathy when asking why you came into the ER. It is VERY LOUD and there is no privacy - everyone else in the waiting room hears the reason that you went into the ER that day. It is very embarrassing and needs to be corrected.
 The nurses and some of the doctors at XXX emergency department are abusive, unprofessional, crass,vulgar and downright disrespectful. They get off on bullying. I have had 3 extremely negative and traumatic experiences there. One to which I was drugged then sent home without even seeing a doctor and called names and humiliated. The other was completely horrific too. I still plan on filling a formal complaint in regards to my last as I was not only put in physical danger and was manhandled while injured and made to wait while blood was coming out of my head and had to beg them to stitch me up... when they finally did they stuck their fingers in the large cut on my temple. If you or anyone have any questions please pass my number over to them. A lawsuit isn't a bad idea. Thank you, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXX.
 There is an area under the end of the visit where you seat to wait for a follow test including an additional blood test. This area has no privacy your details are available for everyone to hear. Not sure that is the best way to have this I recognize this situation may be necessary to watch the whole room with one staffer
 They left the stent in my arm. I had to go back + get it removed. Lucky I spotted it in the parking garage before leaving.
 They told me the problem was basically fine then it kept hurting went to a different hospital they figured it out and was a lot better then XXXXX. This doctor told me to walk on it normally then one that figured it out said not to walk on it so this doctor had made things worst I waited awhile and didn't get a room the doctor had me in the hallway to answer me quick so I could leave because they got busy.
 This is the second time I visited the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX in the same week because of high fever and tremblings which affected my heart pace maker; the first visit in emergency an xray was done and no pneumonia was detected; the next day I was no better so my family called an ambulance and back again to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX; I am XX years old with health issues; the second time a CAT scan was done and concluded I had pneumonia; only would suggest that those persons that are very young or elderly have CAT scans versus Xray when pneumonia could be suspect.
 This may be helpful for the admission process. After my green light TURP I kept bleeding in my urine and then clots kept forming which caused me to go to emergency. I was admitted quickly enough but had a lengthy stay in the waiting room during which I experienced 9 blood clot cramps which caused bleeding. By the time I was admitted I was very soaked with blood, even though I packed myself inside my pants with hand towels. The pain from the cramps caused me to back out when I reached the examining room Perhaps knowing this, the admission person could release me from the waiting room sooner (?) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Mr XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 This survey was completed by his daughter as I was with my dad every day morning till night for his 10 day stay He has since passed away from cancer on XXXXXXXX, his care was excellent during his stay I thank you all but there was nothing else that could be done for him, he passed in the Hospice.
 This visit was for my father, XX yrs old. After leaving emergency he was transferred to 5th floor & then palliative care where he passed away 6 days after attending emergency dept Nurses on 5th floor + palliative care were awesome.
 Unfortunate experiences with painful IV attempts
 Waited 24 hrs in Emerg for admission to a bed - Waited 5 days in hosp for an angiogram - A nurse who worked 3 shifts did not understand the portable heart monitor. Alarmed me and my spouse significantly about the readings when the cardiologist later confirmed the readings were "normal". - Nurse and assistants were heard laughing when they realized the cardiologist who was to discharge me 'forgot about me' and forgot what heart meds I had been put on. - I wrote on the board re my goal for a shower and to talk to the cardiologist. However no one read the board - Nurse would not let me shower until the doctor gave an 'order' for the shower - Even though my diagnosis is not determined I would refuse to go back to XXXXXXXXXXXX even if my life was in danger I recently went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for a cardiac MRI - the experience was respectful dignified and informative - a complete opposition to my experience at XXXXXXXXXXXX - Cleaning staff and dietary staff were excellent - Room was excellent - Food was moderately good (gluten allergy - although I could not get 'non gluten' and vegetarian??? too difficult I was told - Parking was very expensive as I was in for 7 days - primarily just waiting I wanted to d/c myself - nurse told me it would be (against med advice) However the medical advice was solely - 'Follow up with your GP' - somewhat of a lame piece of advice considering I was told I would "die" literally used that word - if I did not allow myself to be admitted Turned out the stress test had been a 'False Positive'
 Was overdosed twice on pain medication Help from staff concerning personal hygiene was very poor.
 XXXXXXX - XXX re emerg. care. After a fall I ws taken to emerg. the dr. who looked at me ordered a chest x-ray then sent me home. I went back the next day & had an HRI which showed I fractured my C6 & C7. I was then admitted to 5th floor. I feel the dr. who (from a distance) looked but asked very little re: my accident I could have been left paralyzed or with some permanent condition. I was NOT pleased with the emergency exam & release to home. I know the drs. name if you want.
 Yes! I call the general phone number of XXXXXXXX to ask how I could return to have CT scan as I couldn't walk I was told there is no other transportation available to XXXXXXXX unless you need emergency ambulance. My son told me that there are private ambulance services from several companies I called a company who did get me down the stairs of my house - into the ambulance and wheeled me into to get my test and helped me back on the stretcher. Please alert your staff to advise patients that there is in fact private ambulance if they need one. Do not continue to say "I don't know" except call 911. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX Doctors consultation by phone Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 Yes! When my A-Fib stopped (one 10 m), I rested till 4 am. Nurses abruptly entered my room and announced I was going home. My response - in the middle of the night? - I am XX yrs old with a heart condition? - I live alone? - I cannot call my family to pick me up in the middle of the night Nurses response - We will call a cab - END OF CONVERSATION! I was not even asked if I felt okay to go home. She had my IV out + monitor unhooked before 'conversation' ended. I was absolutely disgusted with this treatment When I told my family and friends, they, too, were disgusted and in disbelief!! This is the second time my family has been sent home in this way My brother was sent home, in a hospital gown, alone to his apartment in a cab, in the night. He was in his late XX's.
 Young non - experienced nurses/staff They tried several times to put IV in me and where unsuccessful I had a catheter placed inside of me and sent home for 3 days Had it removed at my doctor's office with discomfort for 3 days to find out it was not put in properly. With the amount of pain I had I was not given anything for my discomfort. But sent home I never want to go to the emerg rm there again!
#35 was answered "usually" because I felt I wasn't fully part of my care because I was never shown my gallbladder ultrasound It was like I was being told vs being included or shown what was wrong
1) Cardiologists need to work on their bedside manners. 2) Survey should be sent out immediately as I have been to XXXXXXXXX four times in the last few months and found it very hard to remember the situation in question regarding important details. Love XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Things have improved over the last many years.
1) Once admitted to a room in Emergency waiting for a room to a ward - one nurse showed little regard to my health status + literally ignored all alarms + was difficult to understand anything she said She explained that my alarm might be picking up from another room - which made little sense to me 2) There should be a survey for Emergency care and one for care on a ward. These experiences were very different!!
1. Generally, I found the staff to be as good as they could be considering how obvious it was that they were under stress and understaffed. 2. I had incredible issues with scents - a good 50% or even slightly more - of the people with whom I interacted, wore scents and that triggered my asthma, migraines, nausea - all terrible for my abdominal wounds. This must be addressed. 3. I was disturbed by some comments that the staff made amongst themselves, clearly under duress and angry about shifts etc. 4. There was a cleaner working in the negative-pressure rooms, and this was during a frightening covid time, who disobeyed the 'keep one door closed' sign and had propped open both doors for easier access to her cleaning cart - I saw this happen 2x. It made me feel unsafe and vulnerable. I hope this is confidential as I expect to have to be a patient again, and I want to demonstrate that I understand the strain the staff was under. I'm not sure what can be done to increase staffing levels and to increase morale. With the new hospital, it certainly does seem to have been better, but -
1st major issues was my ultrasound apt was booked for the following day, not current day Typo Had to re-admit myself through Emerg (again) to get necessary tests complete. And book surgery. 2nd issue - post surgery, had not eaten 28+ hours, could not contact nurse at night to arrange a meal, or pain drugs for at least 1 hour despite using call button.
3 different nurses went above and beyond. By beyond I mean warm blankets, water, and comforting conversations.
3 visits to hospital are related to same injury (concussion) - Should have had CT scan on 1st visit - Other doc/clinic visits mostly related to concussion as well (XXXXXXXXX) - Was not provided with any post concussion guidance by emerg doc
A big thank you to my nurses & to my doctor! My hospital room was "like a hotel room" with exceptional services
A change in administration might help. Nurses are too busy on their cell phones & chatting with one another to deal with patients
A faster service. It was a busy night but it seemed like a longer time than normal waiting. Pain medication would have made the visit more tolerable.
A huge thank you to ED staff - especially XXXXX, XXXXX and Dr XXXXXX be easy to clean, but not practical beyond that. Just ask ER staff Thank you!!
A lot of sitting around waiting - but in the big picture ... it's not a big deal The most important thing is my health & that was a very good experience - thank you
A patient/family information package would be helpful and reduce nurse and doctor time required answering questions
Admitted to room at 1:00 AM Not offered a gown Had to sleep in clothes after sitting in ER all day.
Advised to go there by primary physician
After being sent to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX & my condition was worse after discharge, I went to XXXXXXXXX, they got to the heart of the issue & I felt very well taken care of.
After emerg visit XXXXXX I said I would never return to XXXX. My family doctor convince me to return XXXXXX and my emergency room care was excellent. Thank God I did not die in the week between visits! It wa a totally different experience My XXXXXX visit to the emergency department was my first ever at your hospital. My admission to hospital was my first every except child birth. Emergency visit XXXXXX - complained of chest pain radiating to throat + ears unable to lay that short of breath on (unreadable) 1st ER doctor did no physical examination stood by the door did not approach me told me my problem was muscular.
After multiple visits to the XXXXXXXX in the last few years I have always been treated very professionally and respectfully I have nothing to say but good things about all my experiences at XXXXXXXX
After my emergency department visit, I was admitted to hospital An overall good environment.
After my mom died in the ER our family had a meeting with the nurse manager, public relations, ER MD and admitting MD. We were assured that they are working to improve conditions in the department There has been zero change since then. I sat in a wheelchair from 1530+ to 2300 when discharged I did not speak to a RN until taken into exam room where I stayed in the same wheelchair. I had a severely infected ankle that needed to be elevated. No RN came into the waiting are to assess patients and the pathetic sign that said "any change in condition etc" doesn't mean anything to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX!!! The waiting room was not quite full There was a little girl running up & down in no distress. I thought she was a visitor It turned out she was a hand injury She could have been assessed and discharged hours before she actually was! It only took a few minutes I saw it done There was a man with back pain, pacing and rubbing his back. After I had been there a few hours, his moans became louder At one point he asked if he could get something for pain and was told Not until seen by MD: Really the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX has a directive that would allow her to give analgesia medication The neglect shown the patients in the waiting room was pathetic. When I worked at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX ER we kept nurses notes on patients in XX If pain medication was needed, we gave it according to directives. If blood work was indicated, it was done. If pt needed x-rays, the doctor was consulted and the x-ray was done before the patients went inside. This was our standard  of care for everyone who came into the department EKG also done - by the nurses. no techs when your nurses don't even venture into the waiting room, you have a long way to go. I was ordered and given an IV dose of antibiotics, with the plan to have me return in the morning for a second dose and then to receive oral medications. I suggested that since I was an RN they could give me the medication and I could do it at home. The next time I saw the doctor, he told me that he has changed his mind and he would give me a prescription for oral medication. My IV was discontinued after the (unreadable) was done and the doctor came in and gave me a prescription for Septa double strength and told me to fill it and start it in the morning It was now 2300 hrs. I can't walk properly, I am XX yrs young and I don't have a magic wand to get this filled immediately to start getting the antibiotic in me A nice gesture would have been to give me a pill to take home so I could start early morning. That's what a decent standard of care would have been.
After my surgery, my family was not updated They had to wait until I came out of anesthesia to find out if everything went well.
All 3 ER doctors were exceptional Great bedside manners I hope they never retire as they are dedicated professionals that are the foundation to a great hospital.
All hospital were kind + caring A very positive experience! The revamped hospital is more user friendly + very attractive.
All my medical information was given to my step daughter (POA)
All staff were excellent and courteous throughout the entire time.
All staff were friendly and took care of me. It was a busy place that day.
All staff were kind and helpful which was greatly appreciated.
All staff were kind, compassionate, thorough and patient in explanations and treatment. I know what symptoms should lead to emergency department visit and what steps to take to assess the symptoms in future. I know what to monitor to assess whether meds may need to change.
All staff were very friendly and most accommodating at all times. The dietary plan was a hit and miss each day. Sometimes I had the opportunity to choose my meals and other times I was given what ever. Over all my stay was a very positive experience. Thank you for providing excellent health care to me and the residents of XXXXXXXXXX and the surrounding community.
All the doctors, nurses & the ambulance workers on me were amazing & courteous
All the rooms need to be cleaned completely on each floor. Sometimes the doctors are not always right.
All the staff, whether dr's nurses/support/clinical in XXXXXXXXXX are first class in their care/concern/for me on any visit/or stay!!
All three times I was there it was very efficient and the staff were amazing. Very nice and patient and helpful! Great new emergency department!
Although care was great I was astonished to see another woman in the waiting room that was in excruciating pain made to wait. Is this not a part of the triage process. She was screaming! It was horrible to watch. I even told the nurse she could go before me but she said you were here first?
Although nurses did the best they could I believe, they were understaffed. Although I was to stay two nights I was suddenly told in afternoon - pack up we need the bed - no warning - Question 39 - I had a good understanding as my doctor discussed everything with me Also, this was my 2nd knee replacement Question 31 Doctors informed nurses tried Question 16 Unless I asked no explanations given as to any meds Sometimes I had to ask why I was given a certain med or ask for my usual meds
Always looked after very well at X. The only negative is the wait time at emergency to see a doctor. Thank you.
An Emergency Dep't is for emergencies! A person who arrives in Emergency needs to see a doctor as soon as possible - waiting many hrs. is not (usual - there) realistic. Everybody is overworked but every patient is important - not just the ones that come in on an ambulance.
Any shortcomings in service from the staff can be attributed to a shortage of people. In general everyone was compassionate & helpful. I'd like to thank the nurses for making my stay much easier to deal with.
Anytime I have had to go to Emergency I have been treated well, promptly & efficiently I've been told what my problem is if they know & all my treatments and information has been shared.
Appreciated the personal interest and care of some of the nurses beyond the call of duty
Arrived by ambulance to emerg approx 9:30 pm. XXXXXX night. Was left in regular emerg. waiting room about 3 hrs taken to emerg "bay" for about another 90 min. before seeing a dr. that told me I had a heart attack & would be admitted approx 1:30-2 am XXXXXXX not good! Once seen by a dr. & admitted, experience went very well.
As a retired XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, I really though the new wing of the hospital was needed and well thought out. Thanks for looking after me after my surprise fall.
As an ICD patient and (unreadable) surgery I felt V-Tach at times Could not find anything wrong with heart at the time Next day I was shocked twice and went to XXXXXXXX - An ablation was done there.
As I was sent to the emergency dept from the doctors office as a precaution because of my age or a XX year old male with a heart racing, the visit was very quick, the testing complete and excellent follow up care by doctor XXXXX.
As pleasant as it could be found everyone efficient and courteous
As usual, in ER service can be slow but once admitted the service was excellent from everyone. Would highly recommend this hospital, staff and all.
At one point there were not enough chairs for patients. Since I had had hip replacement surgery in XXXXXX and needed a cane, more mobile patients gave up their seat for me. In XXXXXXXXX, I visited XXXXXXXXXXXX Emergency Dept after a fall at home. At the time I mentioned I was not able to walk normally. I was given multiple tests and follow up heart monitoring. However, gait was not investigated. It was not until a MRI on the XXXXXXXXXXXX that I was diagnosed with "avascular necrosis of right femoral head" which lead to hip replacement surgery at XXXXXXXXXXX on XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. This was an oversight in diagnosis at the Emergency Dt. and resulted in a year of pain and disability.
At XX yrs - just hospital stay + operation - so cannot compare. Also - that we are experience a pandemic + staff etc must be very tired as these are not normal times.
Awesome staff
Bad to say, there is lack of communication among the staff regarding patient treatment. Why??? (I worked in the hospital in XXXXX)
Basically - my ingrowed toenail not handle in hospital I wanted it removed Not done there but in private clinic
Because of Covid the doctor didn't get close and I thought could have examined me and not kept 10 ft away. Covid comes first Can't see own doctor?
Being a military family for over 30 yrs I have been to many ERs across Canada, I have to say that XXXXXXXXXXXX exceeds them all. The nurses and doctors are always courteous, patient & caring.
Being a weekend, having breathing issues, tele-health ordered ambulance as a precaution since Covid-19 was active. I tested negative.
Best ER in the XXXXXXXX area. Clean well organized and quick modern. It's the only ER I want to go to. My mother feels the same way. Keep up the good work.
Best hospital experience ever!! Thank you to staff/nurses and doctors Despite pandemic protocols I felt well taken care of.
Best nurses, when I asked a question they helped right now - they didn't say wait or I'm busy they took time. Thank you
Best services and fully satisfied
Better computer records of why meds - have been ordered by family doctors and specialists outside of hospital stay.
Biggest downfall to this visit was the wait time
Both the resident and Dr. XXXXX were very very good They listened + were very competent + helpful I have had similarly good experiences in this ER previously + for that I am very thankful for the ER doctors + to God for his provision I think the nurses are overworked but they do a good job in spite of this I appreciate XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. It is clean + well-organized with good care.
By the time he got to emerg - his pain was gone.
By the time I left emerg dept I felt much better (sky high blood pressure).
Came in + speak of Omicron virus. Hospital very busy Short staff. Broken hip. Surgery 24 after arriving. Not happy with room Had to share bathroom with another patient - incontinent. Fracture (unreadable) - great improvement over previous Very efficient + pleasant Meals were terrible + never saw a menu Still a great hospital Lost use of my hand somewhat - excuse writing -
Cannot say enough about the professional care I received Special kudos to Dr XXXXXXXXX My nurses especially the two XXXXXXs. I will not criticize our government any more when outstanding care like this is available without bankrupting you.
Care at the hospital is outstanding
Care was excellent and having a room to myself was very much appreciated.
Check out times take too long.
Clerk tried to get me to pay for a private room, saying if I go through XXXX then the hospital does not make money. I did not go to the ER to worry about making money for the hospital. Very unprofessional. Spent overnight at ER just to have GI doctor come in to tell me he won't do anything and I need to see a specialist.
Colonoscopy was very intrusive very
Communication was biggest problem - never knew when doctor was coming, a lot of waiting (for info, discharge)
Considering covid-19 and how busy the ER depart was the nurses were kind and efficient The physician in charge of my care was awesome His care, compassion knowledge was great when he was with me time stood still and he explained everything well He has a very special skill and is an angel
Considering how busy they were, and with concerns about Covid, I thought the staff were great in trying to deal with a large amount of patients and trying to prioritize the needs of everyone.
Considering how over-stressed all the staff are because of the demands of covid, I was impressed with the level of care, attention, and compassion I received during my stay. Also, Dr. XXXXXXX was awesome & made me truly feel that there was nothing to worry about and because of that, I felt NO stress what so ever (because I thought I would be. So between him & the staff I wasn't stressed at all)
Considering our environment re COVID, I felt the nursing staff was very professional and friendly even though they were short staffed.
Considering that I had a minor TIA, I seemed to be left unsupervised for a long period of time in a secluded room while waiting to see the attending Thankfully my symptoms did not rear
Considering the busy conditions, the process of being registered and treated went very smoothly. This has been the best experience at any hospital, many thanks!
Considering the COVID restrictions and protocols, I believe the staff operated at a high level of efficiency & with compassion Grateful!
Correct diagnosis, immediate action, first step in saving my life! First class!
Could have been faster ... (so slow)
Could you not hire more help? I'm sure there are people out there that need work. Doctors, nurses, caregivers.
Covid protocol should be enforced going forward - As a senior we should not have to pay - ie arm sling.
Covid rules are never explained properly at the hospital for family visits.
Department was not very busy care was good didn't have to wait long tests were done Dr. in ER was very nice explained test results Overall a good experience.
Despite a really scary day the team at XXXXXXXXXXXX were extremely competent and professional
Did see the doctor for 1 or 2 minutes communication about limited mobility had to go through the nurse to the doctor and back again. May the doctor should take 5 min to talk to the patient.
Didn't like being moved to another part of the hospital the last two days. Room wasn't very nice without a TV.
Didn't want to leave!
Doc didn't take my face + teeth pain seriously. Ignored the fact that my dentist cleared my dental health as not a concern. Was not given any medications or referral to a neurologist despite him telling me it's neuropathic pain. Couldn't talk, eat, move face without more severe pain. Told to use "sensitivity toothpaste"!
Doctor did not come to see me just a young nurse only. I had right broken wrist can't write well. Both time waited 7 hours or more, include emergency and our appointment (2 surgeries)
Doctor was a little dismissive and didn't have all the answers. Labs take a long time even when the emerg was slow.
Doctors and nurses have very heavy workload
Doctors should take more time to assess the issue It seems they have predetermined solutions Every individual is different They don't take more than 3 minutes to assess your condition.
Does not remember anything while in emergency
Dr XXXXXXX was exceptional in terms of his care and communication I was lucky he was "on call" the morning after my myocardial infarction
Dr. & nurses were great.
Dr. was ready to put my foot in a walkup-cart $$! But nothing was broken. X-ray to be read by radiologist next morning. I saw no need to buy cast + crutches before this reading of x- ray. I was able to walk + little pain, so we agreed to would check in next day for results + then decide on need of cast + crutches. There was no need for crutches + cast. So this suggestion by Dr. to do so was somewhat premature (+ costly w/o definite need) I came to ER due to a fall, very swollen foot + warm foot Wanted to make sure no lot of broken bones in foot not a whole lot of pain just concern
Dr. XXXX (spelling?) and Dr IP (sic) my doctors was an enigma. We never spoke (Dr XXXX) and Dr XX (once). They were accompanied by a lady XXXXXXXXXXXXX (spelling?) who was wonderful arranging my discharge - keeping me out of the hands of "patient" triage folk for whom she had a high disapproval. I made a great impression on Dr XX by knowing my pharmacists phone # which allowed him to fax my dose needs and have that home when I arrived. I believe Dr XX could ahve called himself XXXXXXXXXXX but chose not to and not to communicate much at all. Love my 6th floor rom. Could have moved in permanently as the soups and sandwiches were excellent
Dr. XXXXXX is an amazing physician. Felt very secure in his hands. XXXXXXXXXX
Dr. XXXXXX needs education on communication She is incompetent + made my stay (worse). She also told my husband info I did (not) give permission for.
Dr. XXXXXXXX called me twice after I returned to inquire about my health. I would like to recommend her for her kindness
Dr. XXXXXXXX was very helpful & kind. He took time to explain what was happening & I appreciated his knowledge & understanding. Kudos should go to him!
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX is the best surgeon. Extremely friendly, polite and explains everything thoroughly!
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX was excellent She diagnosed my problem and resolved it through surgery.
Drs & nurses during the endoscopy were amazing. Nurses & drs on the medical floor where I was admitted where deplorable horrible treatment of people had no care or concern at all! For anyone.
Dr's now are heroes during Covid. STill we are all in this together I am with my GP because he understands question 57. This should not be rare. Assumptions can be so agitating. Patient/dr style matching can be as critical in Emerge as in the every day longstanding relationship and that means a whole lot of adjusting quickly. I would not want to be a dr now but I am, as patient, part of the team. It's important to remember that.
Due to covid 19, nurses very busy - some not interested in their job
Due to Covid my wife was not allowed in to Emergency Dept. She had a very difficult time trying to get information as no one answered the phone. Aware staff very busy but need someone to answer the phone. I came by ambulance and barely remember the 1st 24 hours.
Due to shortage of available rooms, I I stayed in emergency overnight No problems except very noisy (traffic in hall + warning alarm in room) The PR room upstairs was excellent in all ways One nurse upstairs was too busy to help me one evening + I threw up all the pills.
During my stay I was taken for a procedure, after which I was left in a cold dark recovery room for over 2 hrs and no blanket
Each contact with staff & doctor was very caring, kind and informative I appreciated your services very much Thank - you!
Emergency care would move faster if more drs in emerg to look after PT & test faster.
Emergency dept - very impressive clean, organized, informative + caring. Bed ward - improvement over state several years ago but in some cases information re procedures and caring re concern of individual fear + anxiety.
Emergency doctor did not listen to my concerns or what had happened prior to admittance Basically said I was wrong about what had happened very frustrating ICU staff excellent Clean facility Seventh floor staff excellent. Facilities poor No light in bathroom. Meal trays not regularly picked up. Sometimes all trays picked up after dinner. Communications with doctors very poor. Doctor on duty could not give any information on why doctor (heart dr.) was prescribing certain drugs. Left hospital without any knowledge of why I was taking these drugs or what the doctor was concerned about Score Nurses 10 ICU 9 Seventh floor 4 Food 0 Doctors 2
Emergency Dr. XXXX in emergency was rushed and forgot to order my CT scan. Dr. XXXXXXXX was good. Dr. XX internist was good. One emergency nurse would not listen & was scary. On the ward Dr. XXXX & Dr. XXXX were good. Most of the nurses were good. There was one mean nurse on the ward. The cleaning staff & people who dealt with my food were all really good and so was the dietician.
ER care was good admitted to a bed. Care was good considering it was during the pandemic - discharge was a fiasco - nightmare - general care during my stay was good.
ER on XXXXXXXXXXXX Brilliant medical intervention received from doctors at XXXX focused dedication led to precision interventions. Remarkable collaboration with their heroic nursing colleague, especially assessment ER phase - beyond breathtaking because of how upon arriving at ER, compared to restoration of health XXXXXXXX
Every time I am at the Emergency Department I know I am in good hands. The level of professionalism by all the staff there is fantastic. They make you feel comfortable and explain everything that is going on. I have been to the Emergency Department several times in the last year due to my heart conditions and I have never felt pushed aside. The staff are there and ready to take care of all patients, obviously in the order of severity as well. I will always feel safe when going to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Keep up the excellent work.
Everyone was great. I was treated very well. Thank God for all you do. My room was beautiful. The cleaning staff are amazing. I don't want to add a bad comment but I didn't like the food. XXXXXXXX is a great hospital. XXXXXXXXXXXXX Thanks for all you did for me.
Everyone was great. The after care nurses were fantastic.
Everyone was really helpful and courteous to me.
Everyone was very kind and supportive.
Everyone was wonderful!
Everything went well. Was a short stay overnight only - part of next day - treated very well - by nurses + doctors -
Excellent care
Excellent care and follow up. Friendly staff who showed great concern. I am most grateful.
Excellent care for an urgent surgery. Wonderful nursing staff and surgical team Housekeeping was thorough and respectful of my time sleeping post-op.
Excellent care Friendly staff Great experience    Waiting time way too long Front desk customer service very rude elderly woman It happened all the time!!   Excellent service from both doctors - nurses Rapid response Remember, to have
Excellent care Long wait but understandable
Excellent care overall. I would have liked an info package to go home with instead I had to Google for info. I'd never been in hospital so would have liked more info about discharge. Thanks!
Excellent care!
Excellent care, the emergency doctor referred me to to the internal medicine department and stroke prevention clinic for follow up. This in my opinion was fantastic as I would have been lost without this service.
Excellent caring and compassionate hospital and staff at XXXXXXXXXXXX Thank you for caring about me during my stay Sincerely Mr XXXXXXXXXXXX
Excellent experience 1st time in my life that I went to the hospital in an ambulance.
Excellent experience doctors & nurses very professional & caring. Was not nervous about my surgery at all.
Excellent hospital with great staff!
Excellent in almost every way respect. But when not very minor. Nursing staff - EXCELLENT!!! Drs with one exception outstanding.
Excellent service
Excellent service from both doctors - nurses Rapid response Remember, to have someone with you helps the staff as with the caregiver is helpful  After my mom died in the ER our family had a meeting with the nurse manager, public relations, ER MD and admitting MD. We were assured that they are working to improve conditions in the department There has been zero change since then. I sat in a wheelchair from 1530+ to 2300 when discharged I did
Excellent service from the first contact through to x-ray and meeting with the doctor during my visit to XXX. I would recommend this ED to any patients in the area.
Excellent stay!
Except for the long waiting time, I am very happy with the services. Keep it up.
Exceptional care. Thank you. I was scared and your team acted fast and courteously and I felt listened to.
Exceptional understanding and help
Expectations were met. Outstanding people. Thanks for the excellent care.
Family physician referred me to go to emergency for u-sound to rule out a DVT Physician giving the negative results didn't even bother to look at the leg or offer diagnosis on symptoms. Found it difficult to maintain distance in the waiting room.
Fantastic health care!
Fantastic.
Faster care would have been nice I was in a lot of pain after nearly cutting my thumb in half but had to sit & wait 3 hours
Felt the dr brushed off some of my breathing/chest pain concerns because I'm a smoker. The nurses were fantastic!!!
Fire Dr. XXXXXXXX Fire Dr. XXXXX
Follow up appointments were slow, starting the entire process from scratch each time equating to hours waiting
Food is inedible Poor.
Food was awful. Had husband bring food from home
Food was good but I found thickened milk a waste Did not enjoy it
Food was inedible at times. Not all staff where vaccinated (nurse) and had no plans to.
Food was not good at all.
For some of these answer I was in and out of consciousness and ended up in ICU. But my overall experience was excellent service. Since I was very ill and they took care of me! - XXXXXXXXXXXX is the 'Best Emergency Service' compared to any other hospital I've been treated at. Service is fast and actioned my medical issue in a timely matter for the best treatment I needed. Thank you XXXXX
For the task indicated in the letter I do not have a note made on the calendar so this was an unscheduled appointment probably to do with my catheter. I had a turp operation on XXXXX but prior to that I had numerous occasions to go to the hospital because of catheter problems usually. When taken into the emergency department, a nurse attended to me immediately, but since I already knew the problem, it seemed to take a long time for the correctional service. Also, when it comes ot inserting catheters, some nurses are  better at it than others. I had two painful experiences. On the first occasion, a nurse tried 3 times, the resident tried once + then a cardiologist doctor tried twice before  success. On the other occasion, the nurses gave up and called Dr. XXXXX at about 10pm he had problems but left the room for a few minutes + when he came back the catheter slid in painlessly. I asked the nurses about this but they said 'well he is a doctor'. I don't care what he is, if he has a special painless procedure, it should be shared.
From my standpoint could not have been any better
From the ambulance responders to the nurses, technicians and doctors in the Emergency Department, everyone without exception was phenomenal. The length of my stay was likely 5 to 6 hours, some of it waiting for blood test results before I could be discharged. When I asked the nurses if the results had arrived, I was told that they had and that the doctor would be in shortly to talk to me. That wait was about an hour, simply to be told everything was good and I could leave. I mention this ONLY as a possible area for improvement to cut visit times for patients tired and anxious to get home. It is not in any way a criticism of the excellent people in your hospital. Thank you!
From the moment I was taken by ambulance to hospital, my needs were looked after in a very professional way. The staff couldn't have been more gentle and proficient in tending to my wounds and they deserve my total thanks.
Get more physicians in the ER
Given we are in a pandemic, I was reluctant to visit the hospital unnecessarily but it was late on XXXXXX evening so had little choice. I observed the staff cleaning the facilities between visitors so felt comfortable that I would have a low risk of contracting covid-19 as a result of my visit. My injury was not life threatening or incredibly severe, but the ER was still likely the only place that would be able to provide the care necessary. Despite this, I did not have to wait too long to be cared for and, once it was my turn, I was on my way quite quickly.
Good
Good hospital Good staff
Great care and great hospital stay.
Great care!
Great experience - * Operating room (#6 - XXXXXXXX) was good experience * Recovery area was excellent - nice care * Nurses in hospital were excellent on floor 5 (post operation)
Great hospital 5 stars Love that all nurses and drs where very nice, and answered my questions.
Great hospital and staff even during COVID
Great hospital!!
Great hospital!!!
Great staff all around. Surgery was positive experience, nurses were awesome from being triaged to recovery to room care.
Had a bladder infection took awhile for it to be addressed
Had a mastectomy - stayed overnight in hospital & discharged the following day but no doctor visit after my operation. On the following day - no communication regarding operation??
Had difficulty trying to explain why exactly I was their to the doctor.
Had excellent care throughout the surgical process Very caring and informative nurses & surgical team Clean new room with a view.
Had to go find Dr as he had forgotten me.
Had to sit in ambulance garage full of fume for at least 1/2 hr. A very scary time.
Had to sit in chair for 2 hours after scan to wait for drs. visit with results - felt he was very rushed & brusque - I felt I was a bother to him. 
Hard to understand doctor because of mask
Have a daily wash. Had a wash my 2nd day but none after that.
Honestly, it's the wait time RNs are always having to rush (not their fault) we need more nurses, more staff & better Health care support for nurses.
Hospital staff overworked. Not enough staff when someone was away other nurses covered - a supply nurse was not called in.
Hospital stay - no complaints however on the day of my discharge, symptom related to my diagnosis was not completely resolved (SOR) but no longer required hospital stay my family member requested a wheelchair from the nurse for him to transport me to the 1st floor because of my breathing - the nurse refused stating that I could not have it because it would have to be sanitized after me Her concern was not the safety and welfare of the patient, but the inconvenience of having to sanitize a wheelchair I had to walk to the elevator and to the 1st floor + where a volunteer offered my son a wheelchair to take me to the vehicle The actions of that one nurse ruined a positive experience and the excellent job done by the other nurses and hospital staff
Hospital stay (nurses) doctor were excellent
Hospital stay, operation & pain under control 100% Only my bladder (infection) was a nightmare for hours Terrible pain (7-10)
Hotel type. Or better
I always received the highest standard of care by going to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX here in XXXXXXXXXX. We have a excellent hospital. Forgive me by being late filling out the questionnaire. XXXXXXX
I am a retired medical worker, and within myself observe, actions and behaviors.
I am a XXXXXXXXX therefore not your average patient - Nurses were very good but their workload was too much - Only stayed one night.
I am answering this on behalf of the patient (my XX year father). He was mailed the survey once and called to indicate he was not interested in taking the survey. He has short-term memory issues and could not remember the bulk of his hospital stay and as there is a pandemic going on, family had limited access. Despite calling to say he did not wish to participate, he was issued a second mail communication about the survey. Please remove him from further communications with respect to surveys. Thanks in advance
I am going for chemo treatment and a couple of times I have had to go to emergency The care and tests I have received have been phenomenal
I am grateful for the prompt and caring treatment I received at emergency during a very anxious and concerning time for me.
I am happy to have been in your hospital. I would choose it over any other if I had my chance XXXXXXXXXXXX
I am hard of hearing and the nurse would not let my daughter come with me so I could understand what the doctor was going to ask or tell me. She was rather abrupt Maybe she was having a bad day.
I am very grateful for the level of care and my team of doctors, nurses + staff.
I am very grateful to all the staff for their professional manner and dedication to serving others.
I am very please with your Emergency Department personnel they were nice and efficient, thank you
I am very thankful for helping me out with my medical issue. My life was saved, thank you all.
I am XX years old & this was the first time I had been in a hospital since XXXX I fell & broke my femur & was in severe pain upon my arrival by ambulance I had no idea what was happening During my hospital extended stay because I had A fib I had excellent care from the nurses, doctors & nurses aids. Everyone went above & beyond my expectations All the staff (even the cleaning crew) was positive friendly and concerned & everyone was interested in my care & willing to help or listen I was fortunate to have excellent clean rooms with a view of the harbour which made my extended stay more enjoyable
I am XX. My daughter has power of attorney for my care. I desperately needed her when I was brought to emergency by ambulance but she was only allowed to be with me for 5 minutes due to COVID rules. However 2 other people in the same curtained area as me had someone with them. I felt very unsafe and scared. I was in emerg from approximately 5:00 pm and was not allowed to see my daughter until the next morning. Despite asking several times for something to eat or drink, I wasn't given a drink until late that night and I got nothing to eat until the next morning. I also don't like the fact that I had to be diapered. I am capable of using a toilet with help. This is demeaning.
I answered no to question 10 because it was not covid safe. The waiting room was to full + was not 6 ft. apart. I stood in the hall. I had a lot of time to watch the cleaning. It was terrible. My other visit in Spring during covid was bad. I had extreme pain in back even when breathing, came by ambulance, was  put in room with those very uncomfortable chair beds. I was in there for 5 hrs no one come to see me creep/to ask if I wanted pain pills to which I say no because of my Crohn's. At one point I had to go to the washroom badly. Had to call a nurse who was passing by she reluctantly helped me and left me in the washroom for a long time. I managed to get myself on the floor where I waited till she came back. It was a traumatic experience.
I anticipated my visit to be difficult due to could in the community but it wasn't at all great care Thank you
I arrived @ emergency about 5 AM. I think the night shift was about to change, but not sure, emergency was or appeared to be not very busy. I really appreciated the attention and care I received. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXX
I arrived at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX by ambulance + was not processed for 5 hours or more as the emergency ward was overcrowded. Once I was seen everything went well. In spite of the great number of patients, the staff were always polite.
I arrived in extreme pain I thought I could get some management, after about an hour o/wait I figured if I manipulated pain by myself to so long I'll be able to manipulate until morning I seek help @ no office instead.
I arrived somewhere around 830 AM and emergency dept. was not busy at all. Everyone from start to finish, was great and treated me with very quick and professional care.
I arrived to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX 7 weeks pregnant with bleeding. Overall, it took 6-7 hours till the doctor accepted me and left without any proper explanation and care for my condition. Worst experience ever.
I asked for an MRI but was told not necessary At another hospital I had the test and surgery was done right away.
I asked for some water it took 45 minutes to get some - I do understand that the nurse was busy. And this was also at the time of the pandemic.
I believe the hospital staff did very well taking into account overall shortages due to COVID - Nurses/assistants especially rushing from job to job
I came in for a sprain and was in and out really quick, I can't complain about that. Thank you
I can't answer most of the questions here because I left the ED before a dr or nurse came to see me. I was waiting for almost 2 hours before I decided to leave. My pain has subsided and figured it was best to go home rather than being uncomfortable waiting.
I could not be in better hands as I was in this hospital and I would recommend others to come here than any where else.
I did not approve of the ward giving me sleeping pills nightly.
I did not get any sleep while there The mattress was so bad it heart my back to lay on it The last night I was there I had a blanket + slept in the chair in the room I therefore took any advantage to leave and go home.
I did not know my diagnosis until doctor come in to discharge me. Only then did I realize the seriousness of my diagnosis - after (unreadable)
I didn't see a doctor after surgery. I was only in the hospital for one night after hip replacement I filled in "NEVER" in the area "CARE FROM DOCTORS" since I didn't speak to a doctor after the surgery was done
I discharged myself because after 28 hours there was NO ACTION TAKEN to help me
I do not remember much at all, as I was too sick I commend your nurses The hospital food as I remember vaguely was something to be desired
I do not think my answers are truly "correct"/representative because of the short stay, ie overnight
I don't believe I was tested for Covid 19.
I don't remember my arrival at the hospital I lost consciousness for some days
I don't think item 50 is appropriate which is why I have not responded.
I feel doctors and nurses are overworked and underpaid. Hospital administrations and politicians should take a decrease in salary and put that $ into healthcare
I feel that the drs in emerg dept found my anemia very good and transfused me. I had not good symptoms. Very breathless + dizzy. One nurse in dept was very rude + condescending which wasn't good at long. But everyone isn't the same I just do not like when people talk to me like I am a child as I am XX but not senile or stupid. Thanks XXXXXXXXXXXXX
I feel that the entire department was doing the very best that they could but always appeared overworked and short staffed. In my second visit with a concussion, my shining star was Dr. XXXXXXXXX. She really cared!!
I feel there should be a snack before bed. As 5 pm supper 8 am breakfast it's a long time without a snack My only complaint LOL
I fell and hit my (unreadable) shoulder on the edge of an open door. Nothing broke or displaced It took 6 hrs before an orthopedic surgeon could look at the xray 20 minutes later I was on my way home with a follow up appointment and assured all was well & time & physio would heal the problem It worked!
I felt I was being "well cared for"
I felt I was having a heart attack I was having chest pain (unreadable) and on for a few weeks than that XXXXXX by 7 PM the pain on my left side in my chest was constant from 7 pm to 11 pm I took 2 (unreadable) + called 911 - got to hospital about 1130 pm don't remember anything XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I felt safe and well cared for. The dr's nsg and staff were amazing The dietary staff was wonderful.
I felt the doctor thought. I was using the emergency room as a way to get a Covid test faster than waiting for an appointment, even though I felt it not necessary, my main reason to the ER was not Covid-19 related.
I found all staff & volunteers to be very helpful throughout the process - from start to finish a smile and a laugh goes a long way when nervous about the operation & unknowns. The staff made it so much easier!
I found it vary difficult to distinguish nurses from doctors/porters from cleaners My few problems, not seeing a doctor on discharge were due to a shortage of staff and covid 19 in general Otherwise I look forward to my 2 end new hip next month!
I found some of PSW/RNs lazy. Had to give instructions on emptying urine.
I found that it was very cold: - to the point that is was not comfortable Heat needed, not A. Otherwise - the nurses were wonderful!
I found that the nursing staff were very busy and didn't have much time to deal with my needs. They were confused about my diabetes and what required above my meds The housekeeping staff was very helpful and caring.
I found the chairs that I sat in for such a long time very uncomfortable. It's a leather recliner. I couldn't rest properly and I was there for many hours. I just wanted to put my head down and couldn't.
I got bypass in XXXX very bad that time, after my pass I got room then no bldg (unreadable) me that time I fell so bad in XXXXXXXXXX some time they don't care purposely food because I am (unreadable). XXXXXXXXXX when they sent me to XXXXXXXX (unreadable) in ambulance go and back very very bad service (unreadable) and they drive very bad these people not care of you and not clean so bad paramedics good service and watch there.
I got the feeling from the ambulance attendant that using their service was unnecessary.
I had a collar around my neck. It was difficult to eat. It's a good thing my wife was there breakfast, lunch & supper. Unfortunately the food was not appetizing.
I had a covid test before I went upstairs My friend didn't have the test before he went upstairs
I had a great experience in the hospital. Thank you!
I had a hip replacement. I had an extremely good surgeon, skilled, compassionate, pleasant & ready to answer all questions.
I had a lot of tests still not sure what my results said, more tests to come.
I had a mini stroke during my visit, I was then moved into the ward in the hospital. I am XX years old.
I had a morphile reaction after operation - nurses settled me down. Excellent care surgeon was explicit about need for operation (broken leg) had to wait 1 day - was very afraid surgeon and nurses very helpful - wonderful care
I had a number of tests done namely blood work, chest xray and heart test as I had difficulty with breathing. My potassium levels were low & I was put on intravenous to bolster my potassium levels The doctor prescribed medication & a puffer Note I have the highest regard for the level of care I received Thank you
I had a total hip replacement. The doctors and nurses have a terrific system down pat! As soon as I could walk down the hall I was told I could go home. 27 1/2 hours after being "under the knife" I was back home! It would have been sooner but my husband (my ride home) was away from the phone and jogging! I had all my pain meds, and instructions, and follow up appointment with surgeon and a list of "danger" symptoms, and phone numbers for questions. "Time heals all." Eight weeks later I am much further than walking in the hall solo!
I had a very good experience and wonderful caring nurses during my hospital stay.
I had a very good experience during my time at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I received excellent service and care. I appreciate the effort the doctors, nurses and staff put in when taking care of me. I'm very lucky I came to this hospital as I feel they saved my life.
I had a wonderful experience The dr's and nurses were all amazing. They made a scary situation very easy to go through Thank you!
I had an amazing room to myself with large windows looking over the water Very soothing. Physio to test walking & stairs was very helpful. Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX is wonderful
I had an emergency Appendectomy, was admitted around 5pm, had an ultrasound to identify the issue and was in surgery around 9:30pm. Dr XXXXXXXXX was absolutely fantastic along with the recovery room nurses and ward nurses. I was in the hospital for about 24 hours and although it was not a planned visit, the staff made it a great experience under the circumstances. This was my second visit to the hospital in just under a year, the first experience was for the birth of my daughter during the height of the pandemic, and both experiences have been fantastic. Thank you to all the doctors, nurses and staff for all of their hard work and dedication!
I had colon cancer surgery, I am XX years old. Have a great supporting family, so didn't stay too long at hospital surgeon great food absolutely awful.
I had excellent care during my short stay I find the hospital was spotless The nurses were caring & courteous I love this hospital. Had procedures done there before highly recommend.
I had excellent care from all the nurses & doctors. They were professional and caring in the treatment I received. Their jobs are demanding and stressful especially now and I appreciate all the work they do.
I had good care. But I had a broken wrist and it was very painful I was left for a very long time without understanding what would be happening and when information is gotten just knowing would have alleviated my anxiety
I had groin pain and was concerned about my hip. I had a fall and broke a bone in my foot.
I had many amazing nurses, but XXXXX stood out. She really listened to me & helped me XXXXXX could use a little more guidance on post-op pain control She didn't listen to me when I told her I was in pain The woman who cleaned my room was amazing, very thorough & attentive (I was in room 209)
I had multiple strokes ambulance attendants made me walk to the ambulance, while my leg (R) + my arm (R) didn't work. When I got to emergency, didn't seem to have any rush to help. It seem to me that the attendant, did not understand my diagnosis of a stroke!!!
I had to ask for water several times before receiving any After being told I needed an x- ray, I disclosed that I was unsure if I could be pregnant and they tried to go ahead with x- ray before doing blood work
I had to get CT and had a appointment booked by emergency dept. Signed in registration 15 minutes before appointment. Waited 2.5 hours and finally after asking a few nurses they kept telling my appointment was soon. Then asked what time was appointment said 9 am it was 11:45 am finally got in. Then had to wait back at emergency for couple hours for results. No answers and sent home. No pain management. No, thank you!
I had to return the next day for the same reason - passing out. I eventually had to have a pace maker inserted. I waited for a number of days since the surgery could not take place on the weekends. Too many times I was asked what medication was I on. Even though the meds were typed into a computer, it seems no one was able to share this info as I saw different departments.
I had to tell the fifth physician I saw that, unless he had any real objections, I was signing out of hospital care. That was on the fifth day I was in the hospital.
I had turned XX years old the week before I went to hospital with a high fever and was twitching I was out of it They refused to let my mom come in with me I ended up having a seizure for the first time in the Emerg. I couldn't speak for myself. They should have let my mom be with me for support and give my medical history to the doctors + nurses that was the only negative thing that happened.
I had wonderful care. The hospital staff are to be commended. They were all awesome. A big thank you to all of the staff from the drs to the cleaning staff
I have a significant hearing loss and without my trusty hearing aides it is hard to converse with others unless face to face. With my hearing aides on and people in close enough range, I hear quite well. Without this I'm lost. But I have good hearing aides.
I have always been a keen inquirer about my health. Medical staff would answer my questions accordingly.
I have always been treated very well by the staff. I like my hospital great staff.
I have always received top notch service and care from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX staff. I have regular doctors and only go to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX when it is an emergency. Excellent hospital with caring staff
I have been dealing with severe chronic insomnia for a number of months (6+ months) and in XXX I peaked with my issue and developed bad tremors, muscle spasms, pain and had difficulty walking. I did NOT get any assistance walking/wheel chair being by myself, I had no help and I was a fall risk and very anxious due to whatever this issue is. The triage nurses need a reminder to speak kindly and take the miserable looks off their faces. I saw eye rolling at people, and very short with elderly. Elderly people are already hard of hearing, the masks and the speaker complicate communication and one triage nurse was so condescending, and short, sighed often and spoke snarkily to patients. P.S. I'm XX, I look young, I'm very under weight and I often get treated like I'm a young girl - not in this case, however my capabilities of walking were possibly overlooked. I was embarrassed to be seen grasping at the wall to walk down the hall.
I have been to hospital several times and am very impressed with the care I have received at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I have been to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX twice this year & both times have had excellent care. Thank you to all staff there!
I have had 18 surgeries 2 spine at XXXXXXXX 1 meniscus tear at XXXXXXXXXX but the rest at XXXXXXXX Dr. XXXXX have been excellent also no longer practicing Dr. XXXXX saved my life when I had flesh eating but I have found at the emergency sometimes they can be condescending. XXXXXXXXXXXX
I have had 4 hospital stays in XXXX. 3 of them were at XXXXXXXXXXXX. The stay ending on XXXXXXX was the best one because of Dr. XXX of the three surgeons at XXX he was the only one who communicated well and oversaw my recovery. The other two surgeons were absent and did not communicate well or oversee my recovery until. I had a follow-up appointment at their office or clinic. They are skilled surgeons but once the surgery was done they moved on. Until a customary follow up weeks later patients having emergency operations seem to be treated differently than those in elective surgery. Less follow-up less, resources less information less support. These were both emergency whereas Dr. XXX and the surgery at XXXXXXXXXXXX were both elective and these surgeons made you feel supported afterwards.
I have high praise for everyone involved in my stay at XXXXXXXXXXXX nurses, nursing assistants porters - excellent care!!
I have never had a catheter inserted as quickly and efficiently. The nurse listened to me describe previous experiences and explained what she was doing and why.
I have no complaints
I have not been happy with this hospital in the past and I would avoid having to use the hospital. My recent experience has changed my opinion. This hospital would now be my preferred place for medical treatment.
I have nothing but praise for the staff of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I have several cancers, stage and lung cancer, so I saw in my final days and the medical personnel have done all that is possible, given my circumstances. A remarkable group of medical staff from doctors to cleaning crew.
I have stayed in the hospital about 6 times over a 30 year period and have to say every time my experience is getting better. My last experience was the best.
I hope when I need to go hospital, it will be XXXXXXXXXXXX XX
I knew the staff are all overworked and stressed, but all staff were fabulous and very kind.
I know that the staff are all busy, but sometimes it can be VERY reassuring to a patient of the status of things. Even to have a nurse put their heads in the door and just simply say, 'we're just waiting for your labs still to come back' or any sort of update while waiting would be SO GREATLY appreciated. When a patient has to sit there for hours on end and in pain, we're usually tense or scared of what's going on and that simple update or touching base with the patient would really be calming and helpful. Or to even say, 'Are you ok? Do you want a warm blanket?' as it's ALWAYS freezing in the ER dept. I'm thankful that I have an ER that I can go to that's nearby, especially when it's so hard to get in with doctors these days. Thanks.
I last had food at 6 pm night before surgery at 6 pm on surgery day they provided watery broth I was very hungry and had an IV all day Nurse finally found me a sandwich and crackers which helped.
I listened to one nurse being very mean to an elderly lady in the next room! Housekeeping staff amazing!
I love this hospital + all the great people that work there!
I loved all the nurses. They were very helpful.
I mentioned to a nurse that several patients were not covering their noses with masks She said this was a problem but did nothing about it Some were coughing.
I noticed improvement in speed and efficiency of the department.
I only spent the afternoon in my room as I was able to have same day procedure on my knee replacement and the doctor wanted me around just to make sure all was good. The care was excellent and top notch. I don't remember the name of the nurse I had while in the room but she was the best ever!
I reacted to the anesthesia + was vomiting after my knee replacement. The physio therapist was rude + dragged me over a (unreadable) while the nurse ran after me with a vomit bad This he said meant that I was able to climb stairs He said to the nurses to get her dressed to go home when I had only had the operation less than 24 hrs before If I hadn't told him I wasn't going home, I'd have been sent home in a terrible state Everyone was forced out too soon
I really wish and hope they reduce wait times. Waiting 2-3 hours before being seen by a doctor regarding your health concern you are visiting emergency for is not right.
I recall having a difficult time hearing the triage nurse through the plexi-glass. The mic and speaker were not functioning properly.
I received excellent care from pre op visits through post op physio. Both the doctors & nurses were professional & caring. Very happy w/ my recent hospital experience.
I received my COVID booster on XXXXXXXXXX I was fine on XXXXXXXX until I had dry heaves & so sick I have never been in an ambulance before but I had 2 wonderful people, 1 man who was asking me questions & also a woman who I think she was training him They was amazing to me & they gave me an injection to help my nausea They were right by my side Wish I could thank them XXXXXXXXXXXXX
I sent a letter to the hospital commending staff experience beyond expectations
I stayed in the new portion of XXX which was fantastic! Clean modern and efficient had a joint replacement and was treated very well.
I strongly believe the Pfizer shot put me in the hospital No doctors discussed this with me. XXXXX shot XXXXXX hospital
I thanked the staff in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for help and care for me and my family.
I think the staff would do better if they have more help. Some day the nurse or nurses are truly busy - especially when they have unruly patients I see it with my own eyes The nurses need more help??? Yes they do I thank you for what you staff did for me.
I thought everyone did a good job and took their work seriously.
I truly love that the ED was so helpful in resolving my issue. The staff was super supportive and it was easy to get around.
I understand the strain on the system, especially with Covid. I had to wait 17 hrs in Emergency for  a bed. I was in pain and had to ask a nurse for assistance. Other than this experience everything worked fine
I usually have amazing treatment here. This last visit the triage nurse was very short + didn't listen. I had to answer the same question repeatedly because she wouldn't listen to my response.
I visited on a XXXXXX and was told I would get a call by the following XXXXXXXXX to get a heart monitor to wear. I never got a call so I haven't got the monitor to wear that is that what the doctor said I needed when I was in the ER.
I visited the emergency dept twice in XXXXXXX. This survey was regarding the second visit. My first visit was a couple of days prior and I was referred to the XXXXXXXXXXXXX and contacted by Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX. It was not a very good experience. He told me to go back to the ER and have some tests done and by the time I got there they would have his notes. I was told to go ASAP. Went there and the doctors said there were no notes on file so I didn't get the tests Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX asked me to get. I was contacted by Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX's office (they phoned me) to have tests done. I went and had these tests done immediately at his private office. Upon completion the receptionist asked me to book a time to have a phone follow up to my test results and was told I had to wait by the phone for the 2 hour window as he is very busy. Appointment day came and I waited by the phone for 6 hours and didn't get a call. I called Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX's office at 3 pm and asked what happened and the receptionist informed me that he didn't have my phone number as I never left it. I reminded the receptionist that she called me to book the appointment and then called me back later that day to reschedule and that they did indeed have my phone number. It was also on my ER records that were sent to the XXXXXXXXXXXXX. The receptionist answered that Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX is a doctor and not a private detective and that I shouldn't expect him to look for my information and that the appointment that I was stood up for was my fault. After explaining to her that I don't expect him to be a detective but I do feel my number was accessible she apologized and rescheduled me. I waited 2 more weeks and finally got a phone call from Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX. My wife and I were on speaker as she was also very concerned about my health. He was direct and to the point. When I tried to ask him a question he talked over me, I stopped talking and listened to him. Again later in the call I tried to ask a question and he talked over me again. I said thanks and listened to him. Didn't try to ask another question about my health. I would never go back to him again if I have a say. I spoke to another person who has dealt with him and they had the same experience. Go read the 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX' google reviews. I am not the only patient to experience this.
I waited 7.5 hrs to see the dr. No bloodwork or any tests where done during this time! I had to come back the next day to get an ultrasound, no blood work. Waited another 5 hrs to get results. Blood pressure was checked once during the 7 1/2 hrs. Was not offered anything for pain.
I was 4 days post partum and the nurses were so attentive to that provided care and supplies to the whole family
I was admitted to the hospital immediately from the Emergency Department, so communicating about post ED care wasn't very involved.
I was Covid positive + having difficulty breathing I was admitted to the ICU ward - Critical Care
I was extremely pleased with all the hospital staff and the doctors.
I was given two completely different recommendations by surgeons. The first one in the ER said I should have drains first and get my appendix removed in a few months. After I was admitted and there was a new surgeon on call he said I needed to make a decision about surgery in the next day or two if I wanted it now. The first surgeon did not even give me the option to have surgery and I overheard her say in the hallway that I was 'past the surgical window'. The second surgeon suggest which option was better but I was grateful that he gave me the option. I am a pretty active person and I think it would have been difficult for me to have drains for up to or even more than a month. When the 2nd surgeon gave me the new option I was confused. I asked the nurse if I could talk to him again. She was very condescending and said I should have all my questions ready ahead of time. I explained I was given a totally different option and had been caught off guard. I also asked this nurse for a suppository which the doctor approved. She didn't give it to me because I had had one the day before. It annoyed me a lot as I am prone to constipation. Other than this my stay at XXXXX was really good. The nurses were great. I ask a ton of questions and Dr. XXX answered all of them and never made me feel rushed.
I was glad my daughter was able to accompany me in the ER, as I have language/hearing + cognitive deficits. Not sure how things would have went without my daughter there. I feel anyone with significant deficits should have a family advocate with them in the ER despite the pandemic. It's critical!
I was going through a miscarriage and came back to the ER three times between XXXXXXXX and XXXXXX. Same triage nurse all three times (working 10-10, short blonde hair). She was empathetic, caring, and made me feel better. Each time I came back she was genuinely concerned with how I was doing and progressing. She was the reason I could hold myself together. We had previously been in this ER when my MIL was diagnosed with ALC. She said it was the cleanest hospital she's been in (moved to XXXXXXXXXX after a few weeks). When we were with her no visitors in the ER because  of Covid. We thought it was the same when we went for me. We wish someone would have told me or asked me if there was anyone with me so I could have had my husband inside with me. While I had him via cell phone, I went through one of the most emotional pains of my life alone when I could have had him with me. Other than that the department treated me with respect and I have no complaints.
I was going to be admitted to the hospital, but I had to spend the night on a examination clear in an exam room before they could find a hospital bed and room for me to stay in. I wanted a private room but they only had a semiprivate available. I was in the hospital for 7 days
I was happy with all care.
I was hospitalized for Covid + received excellent care except I was not given all of my prescribed meds This resulted in stomach problems, increased pain + sleep problems. I didn't see the pharmacist but was assured several times that I would be given my meds but it never happened.
I was impressed by the fact that it was during covid, with a minimum of symptoms, your ER staff didn't ignore my suspicions of appendicitis. I was seen at 5 PM on XXXXXXX and in the OR by 11 pm. Due to their quick response, it hadn't perforated nor ruptured so the surgery and recoup time was easy. I appreciated everyone's attentiveness. I have had a few stays at your hospital and overall, all of them have been a positive experience. Thank you 
I WAS IMPRESSED WITH THE PROMPTNESS AND KINDNESS OF THE NURSES AND THE DOCTOR THAT LOOKED AFTER ME. MY THANKS GO TO EVERYBODY AT XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
I was in acute care for 6 days Treated with care + respect Thank you.
I was in and out of the hospital over a 5 month period I have nothing but praise for the treatment I received from the porters to the specialists All were amazing Thank you!
I was in ICU for several days Most of the time the nurses updated me on my condition and progress I only talked with the doctor 1 or 2 times. The nurses were very good!
I was in the emergency department for quite a while waiting for a room to be transferred to. I was relocated from room to room to waiting room to room again without really an explanation as to why (at least 6 times I was moved.) I understand that there were probably other people who needed to be looked at and the examine rooms were needed but I feel this process could improve. Being moved so many times made me feel like my condition/illness wasn't important. I felt like a floater and that none of the ER staff knew where I was have the time. I guess I technically wasn't their responsibility anymore. I was considered a patient of 6 south but was in emerg for a few nights until the 6 South room was available. If it wasn't for an ER nurse friend of mine looking out for me, I wouldn't have been looked after at all by the ER staff while waiting.
I was in the hospital on 2 occasions. The first stay my surgery could not be completed because of infection. The 2nd surgery was scheduled and completed.
I was in XXXXXXX 3 times between XXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXXXX. My last visit under an emergency call was not a good experience so it is rather hard to answer some questions.
I was most happy with the wonderful care I received from all the nurses
I was not asked about how I would get home. I was taken home by transport van. If I had been asked I would have asked them to call my husband; we live 2 km away & could have come for me anytime.
I was not pleased with the emergency care. Nurses did not seem to take my problem seriously
I was not worried because doctors nurses and staff were wonderful. I rated this stay as A-1, great hospital great people. Thank you XXXXXXXXXX
I was offered medication for pain and discomfort when I was first seen by the attending physician m. I declined the offer at that time as I was not experiencing unusual levels of pain or discomfort from my injury at that that time. However upon returning from a trip to have an X-Ray taken I did ask the attending physician for pain relief. The attending physician made note of my request on the chart but I never received it. I left the hospital without receiving any medication. That's why I can't rate the attending  physician as top box. The person who gave me a set of crutches set them for the incorrect height. I adjusted them myself the next day. I was also given a large brace that went from my ankle to my groin to immobilize my knee. The person who outfitted me with this brace never explained how to put it on or take it off properly or how to wear it effectively. I stated that I had never used crutches before to the person who gave them to me I expected a quick tutorial on how to use the crutches. Such was not the case. This person said I could leave now leave the hospital and left the room and did not return.
I was on different areas of hospital on my stay and nurses were all great and amazing
I was only in for a 1 night stay for a surgery - my answers reflect that. The only problem was that somehow it was missed to talk to me, or give me any instructions, on post surgery exercises. These were an important miss for quick recovery and I missed a few days over the weekend until I could follow up. Fortunately I do my own research and knew I needed them. However I didn't know who was responsible for this and thought it was Home Care. Turns out it wasn't.
I was only in for elective surgery & only stayed one night. A lot of the questions do not apply to me.
I was only in overnight after hip replacement surgery & home the next day * Also, what does your level of education have to do with filling out this questionnaire?
I was only in overnight for knee replacement All nurses were very friendly and professional throughout the process
I was only in the hospital for two days It was a pleasant stay. The new hospital is very nice! I had a nice private room Also, the food was good.
I was pleased by the way the staff treated me. It was almost fun to be there at times. The staff checked on me frequently I was surprised by the meals selected and served. I heard differently before going in for my operation by outside people
I was pleased with both my "stays" in the hospital, and on one I saw my "ship come in" over the lake.
I was probably recovering from Covid 19. I have asthma and could not stop coughing or getting my breat at times. It was the only place my family doctor could get a chest x- ray Stood in waiting area - chairs wet from cleaning 15 min. COuld have rotated cleaning.
I was promised a follow up EMRAC in 1 week but did not receive one!
I was provided with little to no health teaching for a new medical condition and advised I could get information on the internet
I was put into a one bed room during Covid lock down I have only ward coverage. After a few days told I had to pay $310.00 for room per night I should have asked what was available. I was having difficulty sleeping - so stayed. I left after paying 2 days = $610. I also did not receive face cloth, towel or clean night gown for 4 days. No phone in room could not call home for needed items for 2 days. Food was quite good, variety patient should know they could ask for extra salt, pepper, sugar or substitute Perhaps a paper menu for choices
I was referred to the emergency dept from an outpatient visit.
I was referred to XX by an out of town hospital that provided initial care but unable to properly diagnose or treat my injury XX is my home town hospital
I was so impressed with your hospital. I felt I was treated like a queen. The staff in recovery were so kind & caring, loved all of them. They took extra time in caring for me I can't say enough
I was supposed to stay 2-3 days for my procedure and was released after one day. 12 hrs postop my dr called to see what my calcium levels were (total thyroid removal) and no blood draws were done very limited data to be discharged on (12 hrs, 3 blood draws). Were tests ordered/forgotten?
I was surprised that I was told I could leave and no one escorted me to the door. I arrived by ambulance and walked out by myself.
I was there for 3 days - no TV - no bathroom in room felt like I was in prison! I know the hospital is very busy now and I wish to thank you for your services But 3 day in emergency without TV our washroom in room is a little much.
I was told that a plastic surgeon from XXXXXXXX would be contacting me in the following week to discuss my left orbital fracture and whether I required further treatment. I never got that call and I was never able to find out who that surgeon was. I was left hanging. During my ER visit I heard the doctor looking after me make disparaging comments to his affiliates about me - I had been drinking (this was a relapse after 20 years sober) but I was definitely able to understand the derisive comments. No one addressed this drinking situation which I felt was just as important as the fracture. All other staff that I came into contact with were polite, professional and helpful.
I was treated very good by staff & hospital Nothing but positive treatment by nurses Thank you for the help & support.
I was treated very satisfactory.
I was treated very well & professionally
I was treated wit respect, courtesy & kindness by everyone I came in contact with Cleaners, porters, technicians, nurses, surgeons and Infectious Disease specialists. Big shout out to XXXXX who was outstanding!
I was treated with respect and always with care. I know they were all busy and yet some always took the time to check up on me I have no complaints We have a great hospital with top notch medical staff.
I was treated with respect and dignity at XXX and I am very happy to know that my local hospital has such high standards. Everybody was so nice and everything was so organized. Things ran like a swiss watch, test, MRI's e.g. and I had many. Thank you XXX staff.
I was very fortunate that I was admitted immediately and received the tests etc. required. The staff were excellent but overworked!
I was very happy with the care I received while I was there.
I was very happy with the nurses and doctors I didn't wait long at all Terrific hospital.
I was very impressed by Dr. XXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXX, and XXXXXXXX from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX They really show compassion and professionalism when in their care! Thank you! Thank you to all of them! XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I was very impressed by the staff and the facilities however in one case in particular my treatment was so traumatic that I had to call my husband at home. In the middle of the night I was hooked up to two IV's to increase my potassium levels (upon entering the hospital I quote XXXXXXXX, if you hadn't come in today in 2 days you would have be dead "My potassium level was 1.5! However that was just one trauma Later (probably 2 days) while hooked up ont 2 IV's, and I was told to put my hands on a pillow on my chest This made sense and I followed that instruction absolutely. I woke up in the night & realized my pillow on my chest was soaked obviously something had happened to the connection I immediately called nurse on duty and clearly she was uncertain as to what to do as she immediately left - to fetch an older lady who I assume was her supervisor. And thus the trauma began. The first thing she said (in a voice decidedly chastising) was to tell me to take off my watch. I immediately did so and she told me to put it in my handbag/purse I told her taht I would leave it there and definitely promised not to wear it I remained calm + polite (well at taht point). She said immediately "your husband comes in every day and you cannot keep it in your purse but you must give it to your husband to take home" She was "the wrong side of pleasant" and told me that I had to put both hands on a pillow on my chest Obviously I'd been doing that otherwise the pillow would've been soaked" She was decidedly snippety and upon leaving she turned and said in strong tones "this is a hospital you do not move and you do not talk" If you can explain that to me, I would be more "grateful" I was so traumatized (my first time in a hospital apart from day surgery so I phoned my husband at home in the middle of the night. He was extremely reassuring but at the same time furious for the disgusting lack of respect. XXX XXXXXX clinic left me hanging. 
I was very impressed not only with the care provided but also with the cleanliness of the hospital emergency ward Very kind, professional staff made for a very good visit Thank you
I was very impressed Very good + clean environment.
I was very pleased with my care by all health care professionals Thank you
I was very pleased with my stay at the hospital and I am very grateful to all the doctors, nurses and the hospital staff Thank you
I was very pleased with the care I received from the doctors + nurses. One woman on the night shift (a PSW, I believe) was horrible in every way. She was unworthy of a hospital job + a paycheque.
I was very surprised how fast patients with Covid-19 symptoms were attended in short time and how concern all hospital staff took care of all of us. I just have to say thanks so much for all efforts that all health staff members have done during this terrific pandemic. God blesses you all.
I was very well pleased with my treatment & outcome Hospital was clean & staff very friendly & helpful
I was well looked after Staff was courteous.
I went due to swollen feet - I knew that the other patients need more & sooner care. However, I arrived at about 3:30 pm and received attention at about 6:30 pm - no food, no drink although I asked if I could find coffee somewhere and was told - "no coffee," at 7:30 I was given a dry sandwich with a slice of meat - about 20 minutes later I had severe chest pain. Now I was center of attention and received - ECG, xray, ultrasound and a full body scan - (not MRI) but looked like one. I only had indigestion from the terrible sandwich. XXXXXXXXX
I went home with just (unreadable) blood take outs in my arm as the nurse took 2 hours to complete my paper and at several receipt to have it (unreadable) forget apart. I had to have my dr's office remove it.
I went there because I can out of my pain meds & was in withdrawal & extreme pain. I had a doctors apt the next day I waited about 4 - 6 hours by the time I would of seen a doctor it would of been early in the morning & not worth waiting any longer for meds so I left.
I went there for a severely broken ankle and full dislocation. Had to have surgery in AM, the nurses, doctors/surgeons were very good in managing my care
I went to the emergency at around 2:00 am. There were only a couple of people in the emergency ward so I received very prompt attention.
I went to the ER because I was unable to self catheter after having had a TURP procedure at an out of town hospital The indwelling catheter post turp was removed too soon and self cathetering failed so I went to ER to have an indwelling catheter is stalled & 5 days  later I returned as instructed to have it removed.
I went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. They assess me and I fit the criteria to be transferred to go to XXXXXXXXXXXX. I am unsure if I went to Emergency at XXXXXXXXXXXX. I presume ICU?
I will be XXX yrs old in XXX.
I wish I had known that my non-medical allergies were ingredients of the new to me medication prescribed.
I would appreciate some advice as to where to get my wounds treated XXXXXX my neighbour is a XXXXX and arranged for me to go to a XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. The nurses are overworked.
I would be at ease being in JBMH for treatment of any kind. Emergency department can be "difficult" when very busy.
I would have appreciated more updates on timing of results of tests, Also would have appreciated being checked on more especially after receiving tests, Was just left alone in darkened area.
I would just to say THANKS to all the staff
I would like to commend before my admission to the hospital, I was in the ambulance for the third time I would like to extend my thanks and appreciate to the ambulance crew for the help and respect when I was really in pain inside the ambulance.
I would like to see more info on how long it looks like taking when you past register and little more info sharing. Otherwise I am very happy for myself & family.
I would like to thank you all for the excellent care and treatment I received at your hospital!
I would not like to wait at the reception for about 30 minutes, I would like to wait at least 15 minutes or 10 minutes! Thank you! Everything else is good!
I would of like to have more of an understanding as what my condition was at the time ... as it recurring again XXXXXXXXX I was OK for a couple weeks then it's coming back.
I would recommend this hospital to anyone!! XX.
I would say, the only problem was the communication between doctor specialist was not clear as to medications. Also, I was admitted three times with a diabetic problem and each time it was a different diagnosis. To save money and time, they should have kept me in hosp longer.
I'd had a medical procedure at another hospital a day before and had been instructed to get to an emergency department as soon as possible if there was bleeding from my artery, there was. My only concern was the length of time it took to see a doctor.
I'm happy very clean and cream respectful and kind doctor nurses. I'm proud to be Canadian. Very clean hospital and kind people I meet, thanks!
I'm very grateful & thankful of the medical staff Wait time was very long especially when in pain Note I was admitted to the hospital after my emergency visit. There was no question addressing this.
I'm XX years old and try to stay in good health, retired 23 years
In a hurry to get you out of hospital - discharged at 8 PM Little/slow response to call button for assistance. Good was not very good Lots of waste on trays You seldom get what you requested Seemed you got what was left
In general the hospital experience was entirely satisfactory XXXXXXX
In the areas where I indicated it took long for me to be seen/given care, please be aware this was not due to unacceptable attention by the doctors/nurses, BUT rather to an unacceptable level of staffing by the hospital. It took 3 hours for me to go from the triage into the examination rooms as the Emergency Department was overcrowded and there were only two doctors on duty.
In the past year I have been in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I was treated royally. I am very grateful for all the nurses and doctors who ministered too me Thank you so much.
In XXXX my mother & I had a bad experience at XX. I was on my way to XXXXXXXX because of that. My wife convinced me to go to XX. I had an incredible experience & stayed multiple days. The nurses and doctors were great! Caring and always in a good mood around me. There was only one nurse that came in to take blood that had a bit of an attitude & was not too gentle when taking blood. But, I had so many different nurses and they were all exceptional. Also, when I was in Emergency, it was my 2nd day and my 30th wedding anniversary and the dr allowed my wife to come have dinner with me in the room. That was appreciated very much. Staff all around were great, so professional and friendly, including cleaning staff & people who took me for MRI, etc. Thank you!!!
In XXXXXXXXX I got covid and I went very bad condition. I was in hospital for 45 days. In this time I was in ventilation ICU and rehab centre Doctor and other staff gave me second life
Initially brought in by paramedics for heart attack immediately then transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for surgery and after 2 days transferred back to XXXXXXXXXXXX for few more days till release so this questionnaire was more difficult to answer.
It seems emergency is probably good or are bleeding if you are in pain (nervous) you have to wait too long. I realize some of my answers are due to the shortage of nurses and COVID.
It took less time than I had anticipated. Overall it was a good experience. We should all be grateful for the care we received from the medical staff particularly during covid.
It took two emergency visits and nine days in the hospital before they figured out that I had a broken hip! And I left the hospital still not knowing why I had lost control of my neck muscles
It was a pretty busy night so I understand about the long wait. I know XXX went hospital has had some problems in the past ie c-diff but I think they are improving.
It was a unique time to be in emerge because of covid but all protocals were followed carefully and I felt safe. It was just hard waiting alone although I understand why. I was admitted to the hospital from the emergency department and got more answers about my health and more tests during the hospital stay.
It was a very hot + humid day - we were hiking on Bruce Trail at the bottom of a high hill - there was no air movement + I couldn't get back up to the top - passed out because of heat + humidity.
It was distressing to go to ER due to Covid 19 + the waiting to be seen & extended times between departments was lengthy especially sitting for 45 minutes after xrays to finally have a porter come to return me to ER for diagnosis
It was during the pandemic so everyone was attended too right away not many people there that night
It was excellent. The only suggestion I have is to be better informed what the normal healing process at home was. I knew about risks, but still it would be reassuring to know what to be expected changes + developments are.
It was good
It was good at times.
It was horrible
It was only 1 night Every thing was very good and friendly
It was the best care I have ever had at XXXXXXXXXXXXX. It is similar to the care of health services offered almost 40 years ago which is hard to find nowadays, and I truly appreciate that, the professional care with humanity from all doctors, nurses, and staff at this hospital
It was the best ERs visit I have ever experienced! The dr was FANTASTIC. He was thorough, down to earth & explained things.
It was top notch in every way except the food of course!
It was very nice and I was extremely pleased with my care.
It's set up is a better design than the old emerg
Just that it felt like a safe place to be in these strange times.
Just the waiting time is too long I had kidney stone. I called 911 @ 8:20, arrived XXX @ 9:00, administrated @ 9:20, saw dr @ 11:00, did 2 blood tests. CT scan @ 15:00, discharged @ 15:30. Not treatment at ER
Just want to say that the meals were excellent. Dr. XXXXXXXX was awesome. She made me feel very well cared for.
Just want to thank the nurses, doctors, orderlies, test technicians, etc. who attended to me.
Keep up the good work!!!
Kudos to the doctors, nurses, and all the support staff for making my stay at XXXXXXXXXXXX such a positive experience I even liked the food I ate Congratulations & thanks XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Last day was poor I stayed one day longer as not able to have help the next day. Nurse, rude, said things to an assistant which she did not think I heard. I called her out, was in tears, never gave me meds for hours etc. I said I would report her so she came to me at end of her shift & apologized. I did not report it, did not want any further drama & put it behind me. Other than last day where it was obvious I was not welcome. Rest of stay was very good.
Listen more carefully to patients I had a X day old baby at home I was told by Labour + Delivery to go to Emerg because my C- section incision was bleeding heavily. I was told by Emerg I had to wait a couple hours for an ultrasound ... I said I couldn't wait that  long because my baby needed to be fed Another doctor grabbed a bedside ultrasound machine said everything was fine and sent me home It would have been nice for that to be done right away instead of waiting a couple hours.
Little wait time due to Covid, waiting room was empty. Nurses knew ahead of time of my arrival (home town ER couldn't) I was referred as surgery 6 days prior was done at XXXXXXXXXXXX & I was having complications. Wonderful service during a scary emergency made it much easier on me.
Long emergency wait. Otherwise everything is very good.
Looking forward to next visit for 2nd knee operation. Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX did a excellent job on my 1st knee. All the staff were excellent as well. Thank you all!!!
Loved the big chairs instead of a stretcher in rooms
Lovely hospital. Dr. XXXXX is a fabulous doctor. The nursing tram was fantastic during my stay in particular XXXXXX. Cleaning team was in 3x on the XXX Overall pleased - thank you for the opportunity to provide feedback.
Lovely room overlooking lake!
Lunches & suppers left a lot to be desired. A choice of meals would of been nice I finally got a choice after 3 days until that I lived on tea, crackers, breakfast and egg salad sandwiches I lost 6 lbs which was probably a good thing. I am a diabetic. For 3 days I wasn't given diabetic meds even though I inquired No explanation was given On the fourth day then started shots to lower my sugars They never explained the situation I phoned my doctor and he explained why I wasn't given meds I had requested (my prescribed meds) Otherwise everything was fine.
Many ER visits from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is due to continuing health problems stemming from an original problem. Not sure if (unreadable) mixed up with other visits. Have done best that I can remember.
Many thanks to all I encountered. They were professional and caring. I was well looked after Thank you to all and please stay safe
Medical staff was top notch during this stay!! And in emergency department!!!
More care needed to isolate suspected people from general emerg patients and wiping down of chairs
More kindness More patience More understanding In other words slow down
Mostly unconscious during emerg when awake, I was made to feel comfortable & respected.
Moved from emergency to hospital In hospital 5 days
My 48 hour stay at XXXXXXXXXXXX was a very positive memory. I'm so fortunate to live near such a wonderful facility. Thank you!!
My biggest concern was waiting at least 10 minutes before even getting asked why I was there. That's not the way the "old" emerg dept was (I've been several times for broken bones, severe migraine) Also, a six-hour wait just to be told I needed an enema seemed excessive!
My care & stay was very good - why is question (50) on this - ??
My clothing was damaged as a result of my visit. There are bleach marks on the back from somewhere that I was instructed to sit or lay down. I'm happy about the cleanliness, but very disappointed to have clothes ruined.
My condition is recovering & well documented it is unusual & rare parasitic infection the doctors should read the file before coming in a lot of time & energy would be saved if the file was read & acted on instead of looking at how I present & going same old. Even after I told doctor still didn't believe me came back & said I am an interest in (unreadable) frustrating!
My Dad has dementia and because of Covid 19 no family member was allowed in with him in the emergency department. I understand the concern in regards to the virus but my Dad was very confused and did not understand anything that was going on. We have no idea how long they kept him waiting before he saw anyone, whether he was in a room on or on a bed in the hallway. It was a very stressful time for the family especially since he needed hip surgery.
My experience and care at the hospital was top notch - I have already recommended XXXXXXXXX to friends. The staff were all very professional and compassionate. The hospital is very clean a very pleasurable stay I will certainly go back to XXXXXXXXX for any surgeries that I need to have.
My experience at emerg was positive however the wait time for results to tests is the reason for my lengthy stay ... I'm hoping this will be reviewed to improve faster turn around for results.
My experience at XXXXXXXXXXXX was very positive. I was treated quickly, thoroughly and with compassion and care.
My experience was extremely good. However "food" leaves much to be desired.
My experiences at XXXXXXXXXXXX have always been positive In this case, I had cut my hand washing dishes. I knew I likely only needed a couple of stitches and in the end, the doctor thought glue was sufficient I required about 2 to 3 minutes of the doctors time, so being there for 4 hours was a little frustrating but I also understand Thank you.
My family doctor was very impressed with the blood panel done by the emerge doctor! It took almost 3 hours to get test results back (really looking for 2 inflammatory markers). I didn't appreciate the tone/manner of the emerge nurse who took my vitals/info upon registering Maybe she had a long day?
My gyno doctor was there for another pt I asked if she was there for me, she said she was not informed. I would have felt better if she looked at my scan No meds prescript were given to me and everyone assumed I was on my period until they gave me a vag exam The doctor could have talked to me longer He spent two minutes with me not asking questions just giving me a result of what's happening not a why/how Next time I am going to ask for someone else if I go and he is working Dr. XXXXXX
My hospital stay was amazing. Cannot believe the care, thoughtfulness, concern with doctors + nurses. They were all so professional, helpful + very caring amazing. Highly recommend XXXXXXXX
My hospital stay was great! My surgeon (Dr. XX) only prescribed an anti-inflammatory medication when I had a major surgery. Horrible pain at home so he needs to better prepare his patients for their home recovery.
My hospital stay was very short - admission at 10 AM surgery demitted by 5 PM the next day!
My hospital was brief and I would rate XXXXXXX to be excellent.
My husband was not informed that I had been moved to a room from recovery and had to phone several times for information and my whereabouts. Just a bit stressful.
My last day in hospital the head nurse was very curt. I was to have my release forms & a prescription 7:00 PM. The nurse said there was not a doctor in the hospital to write a prescription & she didn't know when the release forms would be coming. My daughter called the nurse on the desk & asked who was the doctor in charge for the evening; my daughter is a XXXXXXXX form another XXXXXXXX The nurse said she called but no one was available.. Eventually my daughter after 1 hours said if she couldn't locate the doctor she would do some calling. The nurse changed and said they were so busy. However the doctor came to my room wrote a prescription outlined various information & I was released. It was ridiculous
My mom was thrilled to receive a phone call from one of her nurses on the occasion of her XXXth birthday. XXXXXX made her day and exemplifies the care and concern of some staff at XXXXXXXXXXXX
My name - I am XXXXXXXXXXXX - not just XXXXX as there is another XXXXXXXXXX. Creating confusion thanks
My nurses were amazing! No complaints At first I was supposed to have Dr XXXXXX perform my cholecystectomy and she had a resident come speak to me a few times I was very anxious and crying one afternoon and this resident (not sure her name) calmed me down by listening and addressing my fears. I loved her!! I wish I remembered her name, I would love if people knew how much her words helped me. She knows what she's doing! So many kind and professional staff at XXXXXXXXX, thank you all so much
My only complaint was the male you moved me from the emergency room I was in to another building for a CAT scan - he kept on complaining to me that he had to get the covid vaccine or be fired! He told me he did not want it and believed in his own immune system! A lot of info I did not need. XX
My only complaint would be that the response time to the call button was way too long! Sometimes 10-15 minutes! When you need help, you need it ASAP! Otherwise I was very pleased
My only disappointment with the service at the Emergency Department was the wait time I experienced. It appeared to be not busy at all when I arrived and throughout the  duration of my time in emergency. I walked in with an ultrasound on dvd in hand and had already been advised of my diagnosis. I was referred by an ultrasound clinic and was told I needed to go to emergency and ensure I was on a blood thinner within an hour, as they detected a DVT (coupled with a family history of this being life threatening). I waited in various areas of the Emergency Department for approximately 4 hours until I was given a blood thinner and sent home with a prescription and referral to the XXXXXXXXXXXXX. Although a blood test and an ECG were run, the doctor did not revisit with me to advise me of the outcome of these tests. That was disappointing as I would have preferred to be advised of those test results before being prescribed a medication and sent home. However, all of my interactions with the staff were pleasant, informative and understanding.
My overall visit to the hospital was excellent However, while I was waiting for some of my test results, I was surprised to hear two staff members continually complain about the hospital management and organization.
My room was drafty and cool. The night duty nurse wore a jacket. All staff were courteous, efficient and professional?
My second Covid 19 vaccine was scheduled while I was hospitalized It was scheduled to be administered at XXXXXXXXXXX The nurses did not want to assist me in going downstairs to the vaccination centre. My wife had to come to the hospital, dress me and transport me in a wheelchair to be vaccinated This is poor coordination 1 arrangement should be made for patients to be vaccinated in their rooms or with the admittance of hospital staff.
My stay at the hospital was very positive. The staff were all terrific My room was beautiful and very clean. Overall a wonderful stay if you have to be sick.
My stay in hospital was an amazing experience! The doctor's & nurses & staff were so fantastic and caring. Thanks once again for your loving care. In gratitude Love, XXXXXXXXXXX I highly recommend this facility to friends & family!
My stay was during a covid lock down and was unable to be supported by my family while there
My stay was excellent The nursing staff were A+. They rejoiced with me when I had a much needed bowl movement. They actually rejoiced with me whenever I had a bowl movement. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Very clean - modern
My stay was excellent. The nurses and doctors any questions I had The only thing I didn't understand was 2 of the nurses said my blood was at "4" Not sure if my hemoglobin was at 4 or what their concern was the fact I had lost a lot of blood over the years and they needed to give me 5 bags of blood as my blood went up They were all encouraging Thanks for a job well done! The volunteer staff were great as well All were helpful & friendly.
My stay was short - just 2 nights. It was everything I had hoped it would be!
My stress test was an excellent experience - Not great with names but XXXXXX (I think) stood out as a very professional worker
My symptoms made me suspect a possible heart problem. The ambulance team were very good and when we reached the hospital, they explained there was a back-up but along with the ER staff everything was cared for and time was not out of line. On turnover to the hospital, everything was efficient, amiable, well explained and I believe thorough. I was very satisfied and my concerns were eliminated. It took a few days to feel better, as predicted. Overall this experience confirmed my confidence in XXXXXXXXXXXX and specifically the Emergency Department.
My visit occurred during Covid 19 pandemic and follow up blood test was booked at the hospital 2 weeks later after antibiotics which I thought was courteous + professional I did not expect this care was above + beyond! Thank you
My visit required a follow up @ the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. They failed to book it and I had to re attend the ER in order to get a XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX referral. Injured XXXXXXXXX MRI booked for XXXX!!
My visit to emerg went very well treated very well absolutely no problems well done
My visit was excellent Great care Staff was amazing Thanks!
My visit wasn't really an emergency. I thought I was having diverticulitis pain in my side & nausea. They gave me anti nausea the next day I was fine. I live along & I get scared.
My visits to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX have always been very positive. Thank you to the staff and care workers.
Need more doctors in emergency. 1 doctor is run off his/her feet that is what makes wait times so long. I understand everyone is trying their best. I went to emergency because of elevated BP readings. Symptoms were headache + dizziness + high bp 160/92. Emergency doc felt I had a migraine + gave me meds @ hospital in an IV headache subsided but not BP. I continue to see doc because of BP elevations. PS I have been a patient @ XX for over 40 yrs - Good care + grateful for doctors, nurses + all support staff. Wait times @ emergency is the concerning issue. Thank you. I live alone - concerning experience.
Need more experience doctors to care for you
Need more follow up
Need more staff! Nurses are very busy so more staff would allow patients that require more help + attention to have access to nurses more frequent!
Never have had any problems XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
No but thank you on doing excellent care.
No complaint about my doctors + nurses other than one ER doctor While in hospital I was treated well by the entire staff
No everything was OK. Thank you XXXXX
No follow up on 4 day don't know what caused my pain. Think highly about XXXXXXXX
No Glad to be home.
No I have no complaints
No matter what ER I have gone to over 50 years (maybe 3 times) I have never had a shorter wait than 3 hours - so I don't go unless I am very worried about my condition
No one enjoys being in the hospital. It is particularly had with covid - so many restrictions - no volunteers. We can't blame this on the hospital. I tell anyone who asks - "I was at a 5 star hotel".
No one spoke to me and ask me why I was there. I was there & just a needle in my vein so that I could take (Unreadable) twice a day through injection. A nurse took 5 min to use a needle in my vein.
No safety protection was given for (unreadable) room shower (floor rubber mat - to prevent slip and falls. If mats are available I did not know they were available slippery soap and unstable patients are not a good combination
No thank for being attentive..
No thank you
No thank you
No thank you.
No, considering the time I arrived there, almost midnight.
No, I am so glad to be out of the XXXXXXXXX + I know I will never go back I will go to another hospital. They were the most rudest nurses I had ever had in my life. It is as if they are better than you + therefore not, they sure to how to make you feel unwelcomed. They were nasty accept for the porters In fact the porters told me I was being discharged Not a nurse or a doctor + I had to wake up my XX year old husband to pick me up @ disturb him @ 10:30 - 9:30 at night Not a good hospital.
No, thank you!
Not at this time
Not at this time
Not at this time. Great job, XXX!
Not enough doctors!! And wait time in ER 5 - 6 hrs. Lined up 14 stalls and waited! A long time for dr to arrive. Then another wait for his return 2nd time!
Not enough staff at night time. Had to wait very long time after ringing the bell for nurse. Nurse also told us the staff is short there was only 1 nurse available for all patients. Washroom was not cleaned everyday I stayed 3 days only once it was cleaned which is not hygenic.
Not really My stay was answered in the Questions 1-48
Nothing at this time
Nothing else to say
Nothing else. I found it somewhat difficult to complete the above survey.
Nothing particular.
Nothing Was treated fairly & professionally
Nurse on nights used bedpan incorrectly and bed got soaked She threw wet linen on floor. Picked it up to dry mattress. Left me after with no peri wash or clean up and on covers.
Nurses & doctors were incredible professional, compassionate & friendly Thank you!
Nurses + doctors were exceptional due to my emergency spleen removal due to my colonoscopy. Therefore some questions are N/A. Thank you to all.
Nurses are overworked. Not enough help on the floor. When I called for help they couldn't come immediately because they were tending to others.
Nurses need to pay attention to family members when they say something isn't right. Instead of playing on hand held devices & ignoring people. Another case of passing the buck! My family told the staff I was starting a chest infection - after 3 days I finally got something done to clear up the problem. This appears to be the common practice these days. Do the job properly or not at all!!
Nurses overworked and not enough of them.
Nurses were unhelpful. Doctors were  understaffed over XXXXXX weekend. Not enough communication between nurse shifts as well as communication between doctors and family (none - not one call). No communication on medication changes - type and reason. I was given a diagnosis and then it was changed - it was no longer the case.
Nurses were very kind, helpful and approachable. The department was clean and organized. Cleaning staff were very hard working.
Nurses where great very helpful and kind they always made time to sit and talk to me, always had big smiles
Nurses, PSW, cleaners were all kind & courteous. Room was kept very clean. Doctors were informative, supportive, and kind. Nurses pre surgery very calm & gentle.
Nursing was understaffed & lacking empathy & ability to be more prompt in their responses.
On day serve me good Born XXXXXXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXXXXXX XX years complete Thank you XXXXX
On my discharge paper, it said I was allergic to penicillin which I'm not It's peanuts.
On the nite of my visit to ER nurses were too busy and talking aloud all nurses station the dept needs more mature nurses so that they monitor the next grads too many part time nurses (unreadable) the nurses more $$$ 12 hr shifts are too long they need longer breaks more training in IV
On the other occasion when I visited the Emergency Dept. I received excellent care in a short period of time. - This time - not so good - As a patient I received excellent care also.
On this occasion, I was suffering from a hemiplegic migraine but did not know it until after speaking with personal doctor after the emergency room visit. Wait was longer than 22 hours and making symptoms worse so I left before receiving any treatment at the hospital.
One night very cold in emerg- waiting - 3 hrs - I asked my doctor to take home in the morning. Left me in diapers + cather during my last stay - had to have medication to empty my bladder - Now at home I go to the bathroom on my own without any problems. When I came out of the hospital the last time I was shaking - With good care I am now independent with walking, dressing + ADL My first hospital visit - your intern took me off many medications - they said the hosp would follow up in 2 wks time + they didn't. My doctor had to call her cousin a doctor + my cardiologist when my medication returned to that prior to my 1st visit I got better - I now walk indep at home.
One nurse was extremely slow & negligent in action & left the call button out of reach. Also the phone was way out of reach.
One nurse was very abrupt and threw an item I had asked for at me!
One of the doctors were rude to me when I asked questions.
Only did bloodwork + treated for migraine. No scans or xrays despite head + neck + stomach pain. High BP + pressure was not monitored nor heart checked. Didn't discuss blood results despite white cells being high which I found out 2 weeks later from my doc.
Only HOT WATER at the bathroom sink. Dangerous for the elderly. Shower handle fell off + was spraying everywhere I pulled the emergency cord but noone came. Bed didn't work electric. Maintenance should do a major check of all the rooms Poor workmanship. Nurses were very good but very overworked Not enough staff - covid.
Only in overnight for total hip replacement Care was exceptional
Only one incident, the part time relief nurse, did not read my chart before he came in & was going to take out the IV, but I knew I had 1 more IV infusion, so I told him & he left it in until it was done
Only there one night
Only went for chest x ray and ultrasound of leg by order of my family doctor
Over hour wait to get ultrasound
Overall a good experience Most of the nurses were excellent but overworked Was during Covid pandemic
Overall by brief hospital stay was fine (hip replacement). My biggest concern was 1. the in hosp physician visit was so brief & rushed. 2. I was told mid morning I was ready to go home but didn't in fact get discharged till 5:30 pm. This was a long day post surgery.
Overall everything went very well, although I would say the discharge process was a bit rushed.
Overall excellent care. There was an issue on discharge. My injury and surgery left me unable to bend my knee. There were no chairs available to support my leg/knee. The nurses were not helpful until I threatened to walk out on crutches at the end they pushed me out on the recliner from the hospital room. XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Overall excellent in every which way!
Overall experience good. Doctors seemed to be experimenting too much & not listening to me. Most nurses were good but the odd one shouldn't be in that profession.
Overall I was happy with the treatment and care I received at the hospital
Overall I would say that my hospital stay was very good. I received very good care from staff and very good help when I needed it. Great hospital and exceptional health care.
Overall it was a good experience even though at times I was "out of it" mentally subsequently diagnosed elsewhere with Parkinson's Disease. Wife and me pensioners on fixed incomes just covering our needs Otherwise I would consider a hospital a worthy use of funds.
Overall it was a good experience, considering the circumstances.
Overall it was a very good experience and all staff were very kind and helpful.
Overall my experience at the emergency department was a positive one - the only exception being that I sat for more than 4 hrs before any care which was challenging since I was in a lot of pain. And then they were not able to print my wrist band. But were able to proceed with printing for other patients so I sat waiting (in pain) for even longer while others were moved ahead of me. I was not impressed that I had to sit waiting for even longer because of a printing problem. I understand waiting and I know that some patients issues would take priority over mine. I just do not think that I should have had to wait another 30-40 min, in pain, because of a printing issue. Otherwise my care was very good.
Overall positive. One night nurse, XXXXXX, was very harsh, lacked empathy, and did not provide enough pain medication Night porter did not understand simple English requests. Otherwise all staff were very good Also - my bathroom was not cleaned and toilet was dirty, bloody paper towels overflowing. Had to request cleaning.
Overall positive. One night nurse, XXXXXX, was very harsh, lacked empathy, and did not provide enough pain medication Night porter did not understand simple English requests. Otherwise all staff were very good Also - my bathroom was not cleaned and toilet was dirty, bloody paper towels overflowing. Had to request cleaning. Fantastic.
Overall quite adequate & friendly
Overall the experience was excellent However, the experience with the ultrasound technician was not positive. She seemed annoyed that I was unable to urinate into a bedpan I was experiencing severe bleeding and would have needed assistance to get to the washroom As a result, I was not able to have a transvaginal ultrasound, and had to wait several weeks to do that test The technician was impatient I simply needed assistance as I had fainted earlier due to blood loss. Thank you fro the opportunity to provide feedback XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Overall very pleased with operation and professionalism of hospital staff and facility.
Overall, I had a good experience during my visit. The staff are great, kind, and caring The nurse even called a taxi on the way out. Excellent staff and because I have Brugada pattern, they looked after me very well Thank you
Overall, the dr + nurses were excellent. My 1st visit was an emergency where I was in a lot of pain (kidney) The other 3 my nephrostomy tube pulled out + I was told ER was the fastest route to get it replaced So not an emergency but a necessity
Overcrowded Due to COVID it was very very busy
Owing to Covid 19 & social distancing there was very little contact with a nurse other than to take a urine sample & give me a prescription for antibiotics for a bladder infection which I didn't have. (Long story!)
Patient was elderly frail with dementia - Survey done by family member - Time in emerg was too long Patient was neglected. - But well cared for in ward.
People (nurse) can't seem to IV very well.
Please offer (unreadable) more after lab - test if we are there for it - 14 hrs. Will be appreciate
Please work with somebody who understands basic nutrition and food requirements because there is no way people are getting better on muffins and cheese sticks. There is so much room for improvement - it shouldn't be hard
Pre-op excellent Dr. XXX and team - excellent Nurse XXXXX excellent. All in all I couldn't have asked for a better experience
Pre-op excellent Dr. XXX and team - excellent Nurse XXXXX excellent. All in all I couldn't have asked for a better experience  The experience I had with Dr. XXXXXXXX was very unpleasant He was quite unprofessional I had several CT scans instead of just having one because he forgot to check the right area when we asked him, he said it must have been a mistake from the CT technician That was a lie from him because we saw the reposition that was
Prescription I was sent home with did not have quantity on it and was not checked for allergies. I was without pain meds for 24 hours due to this.
Prior to this sudden onset of needing to be seen in the emergency dept., (which resulted in three visits to the emergency dept.-the first two in another hospital), I had not been to an emergency unit in 27 years. The care at XXXXXXXXXXXX (and during the COVID pandemic), was excellent -I am very grateful to XXXXXXXXXXXX for their care, respect and professionalism. Thank you I XXXXXXXXXXXXX Was advices by cardiologist to immediately
Prior to visit I first contacted telehealth Went to clinic and clinic sent me to emergency room
Private room was changed but we only used it for 14 hours. It is very expensive without insurance coverage.
Probably during night/next day XXXXXXXXXXX from emergency I was admitted as a diabetic patient to 5S XXXXX for several days; then 3N XXXXX for some weeks; then to 5N XXXXX before discharge evening XXXXXXXXXX
Proud of my home hospital after my many stays their. Everyone should be and are competent with their responsibilities.
Question 15 - I was never told what medications I was given I was very impressed with my private room with bathroom in the new patient tower!
Questions 26 & 27. My cardiologist had arranged for me to be admitted at emergency where a doctor would be expecting me It was not the fact that the admission person did not seem to know what was going on, it was her attitude and the fact that she would not listen or look at my paperwork
Really appreciated. Thanks and loves
Re-evaluate form 42 wording
Regarding question #36 on the paper copy ('How many times in the last 6 months did you visit...'); I communicated with my Family Physician (FP) many times over the past 6- months including phone appointments, but had just one 'visit' per se. Overall, I would say that my FP care has diminished significantly during COVID, so I have been forced to visit the Emerg often, as the FP is not as responsive. In the end, on a recent visit to  the Emerg, it was discovered that I have bladder cancer. For this I am grateful to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. My most recent visit (for the purposes of this survey) was to flush my catheter.
Release was confusing for care givers and patient. We could not find her and emergency dept could not help us. All this occurred under Covid restrictions.
Room was cold could be warmer big window brought in lots of cold air, rooms were beautiful and blankets were awesome.
See comment in #49 and #50 which comes across as discriminatory
Seemed like a long time to be 'x-rayed' and have it analyzed. Of course, I was not of what was coming in the back door.
Send the survey sooner Difficult to recall some details this long after the visit.
Several months ago, I sent a letter to XXXXXXXXXXX patient services Complimenting the excellent care I received until ER & mentioned several doctors, nurses & orderly staff by name. XXXXXXXXXXXX
Shorter waiting time would be appreciated
Shortly after checking in, my family doctor called me and continued my earlier correspondence that I had shingles. I then left the hospital without seeing a doctor and went for a prescription.
Should have been told about the 'gym' for physio. Didn't know it was there for 8 days.
Shout out to nurse XXXXX in emergency for her generosity & kindness
Since I was admitted during the covid crisis the entire hospital situation was overwhelming. Having said that, the entire staff were absolutely outstanding and did a fantastic job under horrible circumstances I thank each and every one of them for their efforts.
Slow to be released after test results are conveyed to patient.
Some answers not totally accurate as I was admitted to ward for 3 days. All staff were excellent both in emergency on the ward. Thank you
Some confusion concerning my personal caregiver/n of kin Had correction made to health- power-of-attorney as it was changed at some point
Some nurses not doing their job making other staff work harder.
Some nurses wonderful but one not nice and yelled at me
Some of my answers reflect the fact that I did not leave the hospital after my emergency dept. visit, because I was admitted to the hospital directly after the emergency visit.
Sometimes we are waiting so long and Sometimes some nurses not listen carefully.
Special shout-out to the nurses and the people who move you around. The title escapes me but they do a great job, affable and professional.
Staff did not take my pain seriously - took too long for someone to look after me even though I was yelling in pain for hours. LONG WAIT TIMES!!
Staff made my stay better than I expected
Staff should talk about bowel care when taking pain meds
Stay healthy be happy.
Surgery canceled twice because of contaminated instruments Should never happen!
Takes too long for prescriptions - Rooms with just one person is the best Love this. - Also no one came in to take sides down on bed Get me up make sure I could walk. My husband took me for walk when he came in. I had kidney stones removed I had to get out of bed myself to go to washroom
Temperature to cold
Terrific staff!
Tests are being done while you are waiting which patient not aware of.
Thank God for doctors nurses + support staff At XX I appreciate all the care I receive. WWII Vet XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX CET CST
Thank goodness in Canada we get good healthcare.
Thank you all for your help. Regards XXXXXXX
Thank you for a wonderful hospital that my mother worked at as a XX for 30 years. I am now walking well on foot after tiny shard of glass removed causing ridiculous severe pain It was incredible he found it and removed it. Thank you Dr XXXXXX XXXXXXXX is fortunate to have you Please stay.
Thank you for all that you do!
Thank you for follow up consultation.
Thank you for great care!
Thank you for the great care
Thank you for your attentive care.
Thank you for your care
Thank you very much for everything you did during my stayed in the hospital. XXXXXXXXX
Thank you! Excellent care by the surgeon + nurses as well as housekeepers.
Thank you.
Thank you. XXXXXX
Thanks for all the staff that help me the last time XXXXX my stay at the hosp. esp. to Dr XXXXX
Thanks for the great care.
That is the 2nd time in 3 years that I visited XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I think it is among the best there is.
The 5th floor private room was beautiful with the view of the lake & very quiet.
The administration of paperwork regarding the stay was very disorganized. I compiled all forms etc beforehand and delivered them to the hospital. I was called a week or so later and asked for the same information which the hospital appeared to have misplaced. On The Day Of The Operation I was still required to complete forms while on the gurney as the forms were missing. Totally incompetent administration. Care was excellent but ADMIN very poor.
The ambulance attendants were knowledgeable + treated me with respect, very kind! Overall experience felt safe, cared for was a very good Emergency Department visit Thank you
The ambulance men where wonderful 1st time ever in an ambulance They even made me comfortable in hospital and a wonderful nurses assistance that called me Mamma
The ambulance staff was beyond amazing, attentive & explained everything The cardiologist I saw was also great down to earth & made sure I understood what had happened.
The ambulance which arrived, one person was awesome, the other was as miserable as could be and was constantly on his phone to friends about flying lessons Not a nice man to deal with, made me feel worthless
The beginning of my stay was very unsettling but it got much better.
The biggest problem that I experienced is the lack of privacy. Starting with the intake desk you are asked very personal questions that others can over hear. When the doctor shared my results (he was super friendly and kind) It was in a hallway.
The call button was out of reach for the patient to use every time I the spouse visited usually it was wound up on a hook along the bed. A few of the nursing staff had a very callous attitude & when I asked questions regarding my husband's care they seemed very unsure of what was his care plan. The kitchen help bringing the trays of food in the room placed the table over near the wall or window prior to my serving. A lot of patients require assistance with meals. The day of "candy stripers" was the best! I spent many hours assisting while my husband was in hospital & I have a disability (use a walker). Also communication was not good with doctors & attending to my husband. I had no call as I had requested from nursing staff as to what my husband's status was - was it CHF - pneumonia or what?? I realize the pandemic has altered many things in our lives. There were numerous times the nurses were very busy chatting at their station with each other while is food waiting for (unreadable) once at the counter. There seem to be a need for more senior supervision. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Nursing staff should refrain from constantly suggesting a patient should be placed in LTC. This is not their call. This is a family decision. We (my son & I) are caring for my husband with some PSW care. This is our desire and we are doing an excellent job. He would not receive the care in LTC that we are providing.
The cardiologist Dr XXXXXX was excellent. I was admitted for 5 days & am much better The resident was incompetent, did not listen & lacked basic knowledge & did not read the chart
The care I received while in hospital was more than I could have hoped for. I feel that I was treated as a person and not simply as a "number." Many thanks.
The care was excellent! I am so grateful
The care was excellent! Nurses & doctors were busy but were able to resolve my problems!
The care was very good considering the Covid  19 situation The staff was always helpful and very pleasant, but also very busy.
The chemicals - cleaning supplies were too strong while I was in the room. The food was horrible, I couldn't eat it, for a short stay it should of been better. In the emergency room, they should inform us more, instead of just waiting. They weren't as friendly in the emergency section
The complain there was for waiting so long.
The doctor that was on duty + assisted in my care on this hospital visit was extremely respectful. Kind the entire time.
The doctor was very abrupt eg "have you had any falls recently?" I began to answer about a fall 2 months ago he interrupted "I said recently." (in a condescending way). I never had the opportunity to think and say I had fallen a few days previously I had a panic attack over COVID & he prescribed "Ativan"? Without explanation. I had to ask nurse what it was for. XXXX is awesome
The doctors were amazing!
The dr's were very thorough. The MRI told all despite the pain. I was truly grateful despite the length of time XX
The duration of the visit was 8 hours because I required a saline IV with pain med I was impressed with the care given during the visit but even more impressed with the follow up that was arranged by ER physician which occurred 3 days following emergency visit The ER was extremely busy by the time we left but the physician took the time + care to arrange the follow up with an internist at XXXXXXXX That care is still ongoing with a schedule MRCP and phone appointment with the internist.
The E.R. dr. referred me to specialists for follow up care.
The emergency department booked me an eye doctors appointment for that very morning
The emergency dept does an excellent job What you should be looking into is the 5th floor The nurses on that floor treat people with no dignity. Worst stay at a hospital I have ever had to deal with!
The emergency dept is well organized. The doctors and nurses are well educated, friendly and do their best with the number of patients visiting the hospital
The emergency dept was very loud and a lot of light I was on the 7th floor and it was clean, comfortable and quiet at night so I slept like a baby.
The entrance to the emergency dept is very dark - wheelchairs were scattered inside + outside - no way of knowing if they were clean. One patient that was waiting to be seen sat in 4 different chairs in the waiting room. No cleaning was done during that time.
The ER doctor said I had bruised ribs I received a phone call the next day saying I had cracked ribs no treatment necessary but I was to take precautions.
The experience & stay in hospital was excellent. Emergency stay was not The nurses and doctors, did their best but the shortage of staff was easy to see.
The experience I had with Dr. XXXXXXXX was very unpleasant He was quite unprofessional I had several CT scans instead of just having one because he forgot to check the right area when we asked him, he said it must have been a mistake from the CT technician That was a lie from him because we saw the reposition that was sent for CT Instead of admitting his mistake he blamed someone else He was also quite rude to us (me and family members) He was annoyed with our questions + I think he shouldn't be practicing in health care if he is so uncaring person you can check the records of my file for the above statement
The fact that I was admitted from the ER I was not able to answer some of the questions Re. leaving the emergency dept I filled out this questionnaire referring to my XXXXXXXXXXX visit not realizing it was for XXXXXX visit
The food in the new hospital is cold + disgusting. The delivery process is pathetic. All organizations have 3 types of employee. Those that love their jobs + can't wait to get to work. Some employees come to work because they have to but they do a good job when they get there. Some employees are simply there for a pay check. They do as little as they can get away with and as slowly as possible. You have a few nurses like this + everyone knows who they are and they are training other nurses. Disappointing I can't thank the hospital + everyone who attended to me enough. You saved my life Unfortunately there were some disappointments. The worst is the patient transfer vehicles worn out, stripped out former ambulances. No pillows, no blankets Maybe a towel Why must an ambulance have a heavy duty dual rear wheel suspension. I had a fleet of curse vans with dual wheel suspensions that carried thousands of pounds This truck only carries 1 old man with a broken back Horrible. Extremely painful. All this made worse by the fact that everything is taken out making it lighter So now the suspension doesn't work at all. Painful very painful. Should be criminal XXX
The food is really terrible - I hear this is true for all hospitals these days. Any chance of improvement? This is my first time at XXXXXXXXX and had heard for some time that it was not a good place to go. I found it was a very good place to go! Except when I went in to emerg at midnight I was attached to IV etc. but had to sit in a wheelchair in a room until morning (7-8hr) for abdominal scan. This was very uncomfortable.
The food was exceptionally bad.
The food was horrible.
The food was not good
The food was terrible! I'm not a picky eater.
The food was terrible.
The food was very good! I live alone and do my own cooking, (11 years) so it's nice to have a break.
The hospital pharmacist wrote down all my medications with time to be taken. Every day I was neglected to receive some. I questioned the nurses where were certain pills, they stated it 'they weren't in the file'. The ones that were there were given to me at the incorrect time or not at all. I contacted my pharmacist and confirmed he was contacted by the hospital.
The hospital staff was excellent. The nurses all did a fantastic job. Hopefully I never have to go back to the hospital but if I do I would ask to go to XXXXXXXXXXXX. Thank you to all the staff. XXX
The hospital stay was great. Everyone was very nice and kept me up to date on everything that was happening to me Recovery went very well at home.
The hospital stay was very good apart from most nurses especially nights where I found them rude + procedures done by student nurses unprofessional. No regular pain control required me to buzz them. Doctor was awesome OT was not good
The hospital the staff and my treatment were as good as they could possibly be As with all hospitals only the food was less than it could have been.
The hospital treats my mom (the patient) very well. The emergency nurses help her to phone me when she is distressed as I live 3 hours away. The doctors even call me to update me on her condition. This is VERY appreciated. Unfortunately, they are unable to determine why she is falling, so it is a reoccurring relationship we have with the emergency department. The ward nurse had called me to say she may be discharged the next day, so I was prepared to come get her. However, they called back the same day and said she had already been discharged and I needed to pick her up right away. They could not put her in a taxi and send her home. I had to arrange the taxi pickup which surprised me as the emergency department just sends her home in a taxi. My daughter, who is a XXXXX, said the hospital should have been able to give me a 'taxi chit'. So I have now created a business account with the local taxi company in case this discharge problem happens again. That has been our only problem with XXXXXXXXX. They are very good to my mom.
The IV needle would disengage from my arm - called nurses station and it was corr However, a nurse tried 3x to put "IV" in my other arm. Failed to do so Went to get another nurse for help about 30 minutes later another nurse entered the room wanted to know why I wasn't "IV'd" up. Told her what happened She told me I was being discharged shortly anyway.
The kitchen is poor in providing food to patients, I did not receive food for 4 days. The dietician did not no anything about what a milk allergy is.
The layout of some of the rooms and hallways in the new tower are quiet tight. Makes it hard to move patients in beds around.
The length of time I sat in the Emergency waiting room, considering I had the symptoms of a heart attack. Which I had.
The length off wait time could be shorter
The lounge seating in ER are so very uncomfortable. I had to end up using the wheelchair + I was very cold. It was not a good experience.
The night nurse was extremely nice and very pleasant.
The night nurse was phenomenal XXXXXXXXXX
The nurse looking after me was kind + very helpful.
The nurse was very caring - she even brought me a warm blanket for my back injury
The nurses are heroic. They are understaffed and run off their feet. They always had time to get me a big bag of ice notwithstanding. Lack of ice is not life threatening but I always had ice. It was my best painkiller as I had a double knee replacement and can't take any opioids. Thanks again, nurses!
The nurses PSW cleaners doctors anyone I ws in contact with were super! Loving compassionate caring meticulous So many good happenings which made me giggle! (Long stories!) I was made comfortable + in good hands! Thank you to all involved!
The nurses was very kind and my room was very clean too. I loved it my stay ... Thank you!
The nurses were especially exceptional, patient and went beyond what the computer was saying. First time to this hospital, and first time going to Emergency and was thoroughly impressed.
The nurses were excellent! Cleaning staff + nursing assistance were fabulous also. I was there for two months, and they made my stay bearable. This questionnaire has grammar issues!
The nurses were excellent. The facilities were excellent
The nurses were the best during emergency visit and post op hospital stay. They made it as best as it could be doctors contributed little to the overall experience. The nurses consistently worked very hard as I observed during the entire stay They are overworked, so compensation would be a good & beneficial initiative to undertake Reward success!
The nurses were very good
The nurses who work in A ward where worker have had a mastectomy should know what the patient will be using when leaving I was to wear a special camisole, for support for my drains. and the nurse had no idea what it was or how to put it on me. In my opinion she should have know. Fortunately it had been explained to me when I received it even then it was done awkwardly because she did not know what to do.
The nursing & medical staff made my stay comfortable. Dinner meals were good. B. fast was standard. XX is a very good hospital
The nursing staff were especially kind, patient and excellent care providers My gratitude
The nursing staff were excellent! The meals were surprisingly good! Beautiful room. A positive experience.
The nursing team from surgery to recovery were amazing, very compassionate and supportive. Well done XXXXXXXXX team. Dr. XXXXXXX is a wonderful person XXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The only complaint I have is that my departure was not well organized (no help with getting dressed - all staff was busy) and problem getting a wheelchair to get out the hospital where a "taxi" was waiting for me (very bad experience)
The only complaint went to ER 4:00 pm scan saw doctor at 9.00 he put staples in head saw the other doctor, 1230 am no food found only had 1 cracker Only complaint
The only information I would have liked to know immediately was how often I was able to get pain medication the nurse was not clear when I first was transferred to my room. I asked a nurse the following morning and was advised immediately and was able to get the pain med quite quickly when I rang for it But to be clear - nurses were awesome!! (5th floor)
The only issue was confusion about my staying in overnight I had to stay but it had not been booked
The only poor experience was on the last day. After breakfast I didn't receive my diabetic pills and was taken for an x-ray When I came back I rang the bell + told the nurse I needed my pills. She told me "that's because I left" + to wait a minute. Two hours later after my sugar hit 18 I got my pills, from a second nurse who said it was marked in the book I already had them This nurse was very caring compared to the one sitting at her computer
The only reason I was there for 12 hours is I am allergic to the C-T scan dye, and I had to take medication ahead of time (anti histamines) before I could have the test.
The overall experience was satisfactory, a little explanation about the treatment while you are waiting would be more helpful.
The patient XXXXXXXXXXX is XXX. She needs her caregiver with her for reassurance This was denied. They would not allow her to see that the caregiver was at the hospital. This extenuating circumstance should have been accommodated. XXXXXXXX - caregiver POA for Health
The power going out during my visit was amusing. Silly storms!
The primary problem with the care I received was the time it took from admittance to treatment (over 6 hours) while remaining in excruciating pain the entire time. The delay in treatment only served to make the pain that much more difficult to lessen once treatment was finally administered.
The receptionist was incredibly rude and lacked empathy I had a concussion and had vomited 8 times while waiting and she did not offer me assistance at all.
The room I was in was beautiful. It was room XXX on the 7th floor. Also while I was in (unreadable) for an angiogram my room was reserved as well as my meals. Thank you.
The room was very cold, had to wear winter PJ's. Meals were not all that great.
The rooms in the new part of the hospital are beautiful!
The staff is professional and take care about everyone.
The staff should be commended for their valiant effort to cope with the work load
The staff there were very friendly and professional
The staff was very efficient!
The staff was very pleasant + professional The hospital clean + very Covid-minded. Excellent hospital
The staff were knowledgeable and skilled but compassion, kindness, and empathy were in short order. Docs changed, time passed, no updates, no interaction with patients, room and no covering seat. Pillow, nothing in the room. I felt uncomfortable and a bit afraid, alone with no support.
The stay in hospital was very comfortable, but the time in emergency was much too long for someone aged XX to sit up almost through the night before taken to a room, and the nurse was not helpful in making me comfortable.
The Surgeon and surgical assistants were amazing!
The surgical team and or recovery area was an amazing experience.
The traige nurse was extremely rude. No one listened to why I was there. I wanted a catheter removed and provide update on 3 day before visit after 12 hours and a call for an on call internist I was sent home. I was ignored for 7 hrs except for another worker.
The treatment received was great. When it was time to go home I was left alone no one told me where my clothes were or how to get out of the hospital. Also to get out of the bed I had to slide down to the bottom. I am XX years old.
The triage nurses were amazing! But after that, it wasn't the best. When I was finally called for my xray, the nurse wouldn't wait for me and I got lost. The dr. was nice and said my xray was clear, but no bloodwork was done or any other solution found. Your nurses are lazy and have horrible attitudes. Many times they have given off the impression that us patients are wasting their time. Some of your doctors are very lazy as well, doing the bare minimum. I hate being kicked out of your ER at 5am with no answers, still suffering with complete coldness. I now drive to XX 45 min away and get the best care. My family members and friends who have been paramedics shared that they were told when they started 'if your patient has a chance don't take them to XXXXXXXXX' and with all my bad experiences I agree!
The visit was okay. Just a long wait.
The wait time was too long. It took us 5 1/2 hours.
The wait times between procedure are very long perhaps it was fast & busy day.
The wait to see a doctor was very long
The wait was fairly long. 2 persons were let a head of me to see the receptionist initially. No one kept track of the order of patients coming in. Doctor + nurses were great!
There are a lot of patients waiting many hours to be attended to need more medical staff to treat patients in a timely manner.
There could be greater communication with patients.
There isn't enough paper, and I don't have the time to let you, and your CEO what I think of your business plan for this hospital!!
There should be a N/A - I was only in hosp a day + 1/2 - more info needed about medication and home care the first night home * I was released in the evening so more info better than less
There should be more parking spaces for the ER @ XXXXXXXXXXX - considering how long you are usually there.
There was a PSW or other care worker who made me feel like I shouldn't press the call button I had pressed it 3x. 2x for pain and 1x for something to drink & eat as I was in my room at 2 PM and it was about 7 ish and I still had nothing she said to her partner "this girl likes to press the call button" and was a bit rude I didn't feel comfortable pressing the button for help after that
There was one other person in the waiting room and it still took 1 hr 20 min to see the doctor. That was too long That is my only complaint The staff were excellent
There was the occasional nurse / staff who made me feel I was putting her out when I asked for something usually on night shift.
They could use more staff probably
They did what they could under circumstances, as it turned out that my cancer had returned, which was revealed after many follow up tests.
They saved my life and arranged with other departments for me to have a heart pacemaker installed
This hospital is fantastic! The staff and the level of care that I received was above example!
This overall visit to XXXXXXXXXXXX included two trips to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for emergency angioplasty and a supplemental angiogram. These responses are for care at XXXXXXXXXXXX only. Getting an overall understanding of the severity of the problem and long-term prognosis was difficult, because of the different hospitals and departments involved. The emergency room doctor and ICU nurses at XXXXXXXXXXXX were excellent with updates. At one point it was suggested that my family attend rounds for updates from the specialist, but this didn't seem to be encouraged and was hard to organize.
This time after having the problem since XXXX everyone listened and responded appropriately. Many times previously this has not been the case - despite all the info the hospital has!
This visit was due to a complication following a nose & sinus surgery 2 days prior. I was experiencing anxiety and discomfort from the inability to breath through my nose and no sleep for 3rd night in a row. This visit required something to help me sleep and happened very late in the evening. However, my most common concern/complaint with this department is the reluctance to treat pain ... which is understandable to an extent given opiate concerns. However, for a patient who has a history of kidney stones (verified via ultrasounds and stone collection), I shouldn't have to wait an hour or hours AFTER getting an IV in before getting pain management beyond Toradol. When a patient his hyperventilating and sweating through his shirt after advising at triage that a history of kidney stones is present, the doctor should be waiting until the second set of instructions to provide pain management. Family doctors are difficult to get a hold of now and availability of some are down to 2-3 days a week. Walk-in clinics cannot prescribe pain management medication such as Percocet or Hydromorphone and we're stuck clogging up emergency rooms. I've seen a significant improvement in the emergency department at XXXXXXXXXXXX, especially since COVID. Processing and care is much faster and I would like to note that improvement! But the resistance to pain management medication needs to be measured. The only other emergency department I've visited in the past few years was in XXXXXXXXXXX and after falling 6 ft onto a rocky shoreline onto my lower back, I was prescribed no pain management. The end result was nerve damage, long term back pain and a large area of numb skin years later. I spent the next 5 days after that event quite literally crawling from floor(bed) to bathroom. This is the level of resistance to pain management that needs to be avoided and there have been times where I feel XXXXXXXXXXXX doctors are approaching it. A hyperventilating, sweating individual with a history of kidney stones shouldn't have to argue/push to receive help managing that level of pain. Especially when its a short term ailment that can be prescribed/managed with a 2-4 day timeframe.
This visit was during the COVID 19 crisis all the staff were extra diligent in PPE + sanitization
This was a great visit I also found out it was gravol that was making my stomach sick!! Thanks to a nurse there! I also found hospital so clean thanks for all your hard work!!
This was a short-term stay only (overnight). I credit the doctor for efficiencies making the entire experience positive. I'm not best equipped to answer many questions in this survey due to the short nature of my visit. PS the food! I'm not fussy but it is awful.  I contracted c-difficile so had to stay longer
This was my 2nd hospital stay at XXXXXXXXX both stays were exceptional and I would recommend this hospital to everybody.
This was my first hospital stay in a long, long time & was not looking forward to it BUT was extremely surprised by care + concern of nurses who worked with me. Same for the doctors.
This was my first visit to emergency department as I was 6 weeks pregnant and I was bleeding. I was afraid that it might be a miscarriage. I arrived to emergency department fearing about the loss of my kid and my life too. I was welcomed with compassion first. However, after that I was made to sit in one room for 2 hours without any information given to me. This created more anxiety on me and increased the stress levels. Later, they did my blood test and ultrasound. By this time, I had already spent more than 5 hrs in the hospital. Another 2 hours of wait after the tests, the doctor came and rushed into telling me the reports. She was definitely NOT courteous and kind while responding to my questions. It looked like she wanted to get rid of me ASAP. The only time I felt comfortable and was treated with respect was Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. I think this was my second time for the same issue. This time, Dr. XXXXXXXXX was extremely courteous and kind in explaining all the issues I was having and what he could diagnose. He also consoled me as I was completely anxious about the situation of blood loss during my pregnancy. Not only he gave me all the details, but also referred me to obstetrician Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Thanks to Dr. XXXXXXXXX for referring me to specialist. Looks like I'm in safe hands now.
This was surgery followed by a recovery period all tests were done at an earlier time before surgery.
Though obviously short staffed the nurses were just great I was treated well
To be fair, I am fairly easy going and recognize that y'all are busy. Also, by the time I left I was pretty high on Dilaudid. I had a gall bladder attack and was in a great deal of pain. The nurses helped with that promptly, so I was quite happy. I was given Naproxen and Tylenol 3's for when I had my next attack. Written instructions might have been helpful because I didn't really remember the instructions around those meds very well. I just remember doing a lot of nodding and smiling at the end. Thanks!
Too many patients with high needs for help and not enough staff I do not know how they managed??? We need more doctors and nurses. (Maybe convert some lawyers to doctors!!!)
Too too long to see doctors especially when getting released. Food was horrible it should help you in your recovery More nurses, they understaff
Treated very good. Thank you!!
Trying to understand the role an emergency dept has when they can't be conclusive with results
Unable to draw blood for analysis after several attempts Was supposed to have ultrasound that never happened (next day in hospital apptmt) because someone told doctor porter had taken me but was untrue left long after dept closed because supposedly waiting for results Not checked on, offered water or blanket discharged at 4 am.
Under the circumstances of why I was in the hospital I had a nice stay, great people took care of me, I was at ease and enjoyed my stay. Really nice hospital and staff.
Unfortunately my wife is the patient who is diagnosed with dementia so is unable to answer any questions about her visit to emergency XXXXXXXXXXX
Upon arrival, crabby intake person with zero compassion or any trace of a personality pre screened for Covid. All other staff while equally overworked showed sensitivity and compassion. I get it Covid is tearing us down but you still need to "show up" for your job and people
Usually I would get some meds to take home so I didn't need to go to a pharmacy directly. This was not the case.
Very alert even at late hours
Very cold offering a blanket would have been nice. -having a meal when in for more than 4 hrs would be nice.
Very courteous. Very professional. Moved with alacrity - be aware/high energy
Very efficient & professional Recommended to friends and family.
Very efficient based on other arrivals that occurred whilst my visit.
Very good
Very good
Very good & do give a small donation yearly. Thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXX
Very good care thanks too all
Very good care! My heart stopped in the ambulance, at home, and the paramedic revived me. I owe my life to him. This was my first experience of a serious medical emergency. Exceptional care from all the attending medical personnel.
Very good care. Thank you.
Very good experience at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Very good experience Staff was excellent
Very good experience, nurses very caring, Dr XX is an excellent doctor, very caring. Hospital is very clean and updated. Can't ask for more and very comfortable stay.
Very good experience. THe folks in the operating room were very kind, they involved me in procedures and they had a sense of humor XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and all involved are wonderful with the help they gave to me!
Very good hospital. Clean tidy modern efficient staff. Courteous, friendly. I am glad it's there.
Very good positive experience, nice and caring staff I received the treatment I needed. The care provided was good!
Very good professional service Friendly & understanding staff members
Very good service Excellent service Thank you very much.
Very good time and service. (Unreadable)
Very impressed by staff @ XXXX.
Very impressed with XXXXXXXXXXXX That 6th floor staff 200 wing is amazing People up there were extraordinary Thank you!
Very lucky to have such a great hospital in XXXXXXXXXX I had a ruptured fallopian tube (ectopic pregnancy) and the doctors and nurses did the best they could to keep me safe and comfortable before getting me into the OR
Very organized. Friendly and timely. Possibly overworked but didn't show stresses. Doctors + nurses knowledgeable + informative. My condition unknown upon arrival but soon 3 day. Became polymyalgia rheumatica. Am now still on prednisone and under Dr. XXXXX at XXXXXXXXXXXX and rheumatologist. XXXX
Very pleasant stay
Very pleasant stay during my surgery from beginning to leaving hospital
Very pleased with my surgeon, the nurses and the XXX surroundings.
Very pleased with speed & efficiency in resolving the cause of my unexpected high fever & high B/P while recovering from a partial mastectomy two weeks earlier
Very positive A.1
Very professional hard working and courteous, no complaints.
Very professional!
Very quick CAT scan given + results shared. Thank you!
Very short stay! XXXXXXXXX (unreadable) 1130 AM for 130 am surgery. Was (unreadable) promptly. Discharged XXXXXXXXX after breakfast.
Very swift service from the emergency dept, lab people, blood work, blood transfusions, & admitted to a lovely room in a very short time Many thanks for everything XXXXXXX
Very well organized and a relaxed atmosphere at the hospital makes you feel at ease. The staff was excellent
Visit requested by my GP.
Wait is too long between assessment no bed to rest in, only hard, uncomfortable chair. Back was very sore couldn't get comfortable and was anxious to leave 8 hours is much too long to wait, especially for the elderly * we were happy to have been referred to Dr. XXXXXX he followed up and was able to pinpoint the issue
Wait time of (11) eleven hours sat in emergency waiting for bed
Wait time to long to see a doctor, spent 6 hrs total.
Wait times are too long
Waited 2 1/2 hrs for nurse to show up after pressing call button!
Waiting area - cold and uncomfortable Long waits for CT scans.
Waiting time way too long Front desk customer service very rude elderly woman It happened all the time!!   Excellent service from both doctors - nurses Rapid response Remember, to have someone with you helps the staff as with the caregiver is helpful  After my mom died in the ER our family had a meeting with the nurse manager, public
Walking out, I was amazed and impressed by the process It felt different though the processes appeared/seemed to be the same.
Was a little upset after being told during preop my wife could accompany me through prep until I was taken to OR Upon arrival she was not allowed past day surgery waiting room. Understand the C19 situation, however this could have been handled better.
Was admitted with possible heart attack. Well taken care of in merge with overnight stay. Then admitted for 5 days to prep for surgery @ XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Good care @ XXXXXXXXXXXX
Was advices by cardiologist to immediately go to emergency department due to arrythmia it had ceased while @ ER "felt" dr was dismissive of me being there and I was following specialists orders. I'm in good health otherwise & last place I want to be was 4 hrs in ER department. Have previously had a cardiac ablation, concern was Afib I know dr's are working hard but felt stupid being there despite being told to go. The wait to see a doctor was very long
Was disappointed with the food.
Was hospitalized after being in ER
Was scare, didn't know what was going to happen to me but they gave lots of tests. Glad they did, thanks.
Was surprised at the efficiency in the emergency dept. In previous years, sat for hours before seeing any doctors HAve told friends how impressed I was with improvement and care received
Was told wrist was not fractured from accident fall the day before But at annual medical, my Dr said it can take a week or so for an X - ray to show a fracture, so she had me get another X - ray 10 days after fall & it showed a fracture So wrist had to be stabilized for 6 wks & another 6 wks for total healing Why didn't Dr at XXXXXXXXXXX know this & suggest X - ray later +/or stabilize it in case later X ray shows crack? Never given her name & forgot spelling as I asked Dr. X All is so fast when they show up
Was very busy but I was treated very well. Referrals to specialist were made by the doctor I saw in the ER speeding up time I would have had to wait going through my family doctor. Very thorough.
Was very happy with care received and the recognition that I needed to be admitted to hospital
We appreciate that we were allowed to be with our medically fragile technologically dependent, no verbal daughter during her stay. We advocated for her during her stay and were eventually treated with respect by staff. They came to recognize our knowledge about her conditions. We tried several times to complete this online but it says the code could not be found/did not match any documents.
We are blessed with such a good hospital in the XXXXXXXXXX area.
We are lucky here in XXXXXXXXXX to have such a lovely hospital.
We are very fortunate to have an excellent hospital in our area and have always received excellent care there.
We are very pleased with the emergency department at XXXXXXXXXXXX. Keep up the great work!
We are very proud to have XX serving our community and we donate as often as we can.
We had one nurse who left me in a wet/dry diaper and I couldn't reach call button In emerg communication to family was not the best and they couldn't be with me because of covid - PARKING - family had to pay over and over Couldn't get parking pass because weekend or, attendant not there - The rest of the nurses and staff were great!
We just like to thank the doctors & the nursing staff for excellent care and treatment that we received on XXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXX As they did it and save mom's life. May God always bless them for their dedication
We need to keep our nurses happy so they will remain
We were lucky to have our family doctor in communication with doctors at the hospital. I believe this was key to my treatment and should be standard. Also because we knew what to ask, we were able to have better care.
Well organized intake.
When I entered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to the Main Receptionist, I was directed to Admissions where I was asked a number of questions, and asked to have a seat until someone from Pre-op comes for me. I was then invited to follow a Nurse into Pre-op. The Nurse then asked me to prepare myself for surgery and wait for each member of my Care Team to come and introduce themselves, ask me questions, and what part they will play in my surgery. I was then taken to surgery. Each member of the Care Team met me there and explained every step, they were doing. In no time, I woke up in recovery and I was then taken to my room when it was ready. From the time I entered XXXXXXXXXXXX to the time I was discharged I was very pleased with the friendly treatment I received from everyone. It was like a Five-Star Hotel.
When I got discharged I was driving home Got phone call to come back they forgot to wrap my hand injury.
When I was in the ER Dept, I wasn't fully aware of what was happening to me or around me.
When I was there 3 nurses were chatting about their weekend, laughing etc in front of patients while they waited in pain. When one patient approached them for help, they said they are on their break. So unprofessional
When I was there I could not get the nurses to come after I rang the buzzer Then if they can the famous words I will be back in a minute Then wait 2 hours or more before they come back Lots of times no one can to wash me or get my teeth brushed I hear them talking at the station about their personal stuff One night in the evening I could hear them laughing + swearing I know they said the nurses + PSW there were times when my wife came in and took me for a walk in the wheelchair They were huddle in a corner talking I just thank God my wife was there for me.
When my first stroke XXXXXXXX occurred I was air lifted from XXXX to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. The care was excellent by everyone. In XXXXXXXXXXXXX I was transferred to XXXXXXXXXXXX. It was not so good. My wife had a bad experience with one of the nurses and from then my wife was with me 10 hours a day to ensure that I was taken care of  not all the nurses were like that some of them were fantastic. I was sent to rehab and they were fabulous. I was released in XXXXXXXXXX My second stroke was when the pandemic started and I was there from XXXXX to mid XXXXXX (no visitors) This was the new hospital and the care was above reproach with the exception of that one experience with that particular nurse in XXXX. I have every confidence in XXXXXXXXXXXX and relay this to my friends.
When the paramedics arrived I was coherent, however they still forced me into the ambulance. After answering the doctor's questions at the hospital I discharged myself.
When there are multiple doctors involved they should introduce themselves and explain what they are treating you for I think that would be helpful. Thanks. The new part of the hospital is amazing, great job!
Whenever I've been to emerg for myself or others, I'm always impressed by how well run the department is to deal with all of us was well as they do is a true blessing!
While a stay in a hospital is not always something one cares to do, it is better of course, with a positive experience. The doctors & nurses at XXXXXXXX are very professional and capable. Other countries should "be so lucky"
While in emergency my health card was lost and my running shoes Very upset about their response when told about it XXXXXXXXXXXX
While the hospital was quiet, staff gave the the impression of being run off their feet, having no time to explain, attend, etc. All except for porters, who were calm and personable
Why was I told to come back for an ultrasound when I was in the hospital already.
With covid I have utmost respect for all healthcare workers They deserve medals Hopefully things will improve when things get back on track Long wait time needs to improve.
With potentially broken ribs, I had to keep getting up tot he various covid 19 stations (2) to submit my OHIP (3) etc. Then another room to explain again my issues (4) walk to another room to await (5) x-ray (6) waiting room again for doctors prognosis (7) I used my belt & jacket compressing ribs "I finally relieved pain!" "Akin to a girdle." The x-ray showed no broken ribs? I could hardly breathe! Movement was painful. I still feel pain when I lay on it? Inter costal muscle tear was assumed! Thanks truly!
With so many people ill because of covid the nurses are overworked. They can hardly get a day off when working so many long shifts. They are doing there best in front line work and sure need more respect and better wages. They try to keep us alive when we are ill. Thank you with love all nurses.
Wonderful doctor for my 8 days at XXX.
Wonderful experience.
Wonderful stay Staff were great.
Worked at XXXX for 20 years. The nurses & dr were very good considering how busy it is and at high standards. They were polite, professional & dealt well with problem pts
Would have liked to have maybe stayed longer very painful to go home so soon after such a bad surgery.
Would like to thank (unreadable) XXXXXXXXX for all the help and care during my visit She was very professional, knowledgeable & supportive.
XXX vs - Dr that treated my swollen, red and painful finger/thumb took 2 clots but freezing was not in proper place. My thumb was wrapped by nurse and I was send off with a percoset and app. to see specialist a hand (in XXXXXXX)
XXXX is awesome
XXXXXX clinic left me hanging.
XXXXXX in 5 South on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was awesome! All the staff in that ward were excellent!
XXXXXX police took me in *OD
XXXXXXX experience was excellent I was very sick & got better quickly Thanks so much for the care!
XXXXXXXXX was a positive experience - But hope not to experience it again!
XXXXXXXXXXXX has been my hospital for over 50 years I can't say a bad word about it. They have the story of my life in their and I am now XX yrs XXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXX is "Now" My first choice of medical care! Thank you nurses & doctors for your help in returning home feeling much much better.
XXXXXXXXXXXX staff saved my life and my left foot. From the emerg to leaving the hospital all staff was amazing. The specialist, the nurses, the social worker, environmental workers to home care I thank them with all my heart.
XXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was amazing and XXXXXX (not sure how to spell her name)
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Very clean - modern
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is great would go there anytime XXXXXXXXXXXX.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is one of the best in XXXXXXX - Canada always had had the best care
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX staff were amazing helpful and compassionate. I am very impressed with our hospital. Thank you.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was great as my surgery was during covid shut downs
Yes
Yes - the hospital food was disgusting. Not fit for a dog.
Yes the doctor and the nurses and cleaners are doing a good job during Covid 19 I just want to stay thank you
Yes while I was having a procedure my teeth  were taken from my walker. I did not have them or through them away as I needed them. XXX
Yes! The doctor was top notch! And the nurses are the best I have ever met! I was so very impressed with my hospital stay!
Yes, the staff at the hospital work their asses off and barely have time to scratch, but despite the short staffing and stress they maintain focused, calm, attentive, & professional at all times.
Yes. I very much appreciated my room to care but unfortunately no action was taken to make a adjoining room patient stop talking on phone (loudly) in a foreign language well past 11 PM.
You guys doing a good job thank you XXXXXXXXX
You have to spend a lot of time just sitting about waiting which though understandable is a bit of a strain.
You treated me exceptionally well + I am grateful for it
Your hospital was very clean Staff excellent.
Your staff was excellent kind & caring cannot thank your staff enough for how I was treated
 No clear diagnosis was given So unsure of future attacks
"Almost felt I lost my identity as I was treated like royalty"
"Good meals" You need a bigger envelope.
#1 they did not need to + I came to get an xray at the request of my primary physician and did not need to see a urgent care doctor. I was treated very well  Dealt with quickly I could not get an xray at a private clinic done to work hours/opening 20 - 23 N/A 24 - 26
#13 - Tried not to rely on pain meds #32 - Not before the scheduled p --dure #36 - Family only #48 -
#38 - family not able to come with me due to COVID #19.
#41 I answered (5) because the two roommates I had made my experience poor Not the hospitals fault One talked all night to herself and the other had anger issues and eventually was given a room to herself.
#44 - had one resident that was not compassionate or understanding - most unusual for the general surgery silents! - and NOT acceptable
#45 There seemed to be many hospital    staff involved, but one's not aware who they really are - be it medical student, resident, interns. One complaint, however, it was dealt with. My husband was o -scharged on a XXXX AM. He had I which was treated. However. when in If I had taken him home without treatment, we ould have had to return to emergency & go thro • - .rocedure again. My husband is almost XX ------- & I am his wife (caregiver).
#49 & 51 had nothing to do with my reason for being in the hospital. Therefore they are not applicable. & XXX serves our community very well.
#49 & 51 have nothing to do with my care. I graduated. worked at for )0( years, did just fine. Your support to ''treat" everyone, do not like these questions on survey. Your "experts" need to replace these questions to better serve people, needing care & a room with a real bed & or bigger hospital now that the (b) cancer groups are all coming here also. Also, the emergency room was wi . -th non stop arrivals. My husband he returned to emerg right by nurses station emerg on bed I was concerned his feet & head would be hit with the back & forth of people, it was kind of unsafe, so we kept moving the bed so they could get behind nurses station, not ideal.
#49 this makes me feel uneducated of which I am not. Not a good question
#9. At night especially during shift change it got pretty noisy. My roommate + I asked for the door to be closed which help. Must say, it was a "happy' noise, young staff.
(1) Could injuries be separated from ''other''? The person ahead of me needed a few stitches on his finger (2) Several people who were checked in just left because of long wait time. (3) Didn't know whether to go to XXXXXXXXXX or XXX - NOT CLEAR - Probably should have gone to XXX Everyone polite & patient despite a very busy em erg dept FIRST VISIT EVER TO EMERG
(1) Nurses and doctors are understaffed and overworked! (2) Patient suffer (3) Level of cleanliness poor (4) Open visiting hours in a post surgical ward is a disaster for patients who want to rest and recover.
(1) Registering - at emerg - lay was rude & first time I came in she put my priority down as 'zero' which meant my name would never be called - I had to get her to change it in order to be seen by the drs. (2) Food was excellent
(1) Spending 14 hrs in waiting room + being the last one left in the room (2) Spending XXXXXXXXX in cubicle with curtain closed No food or drink provided although folks on both sides were attended on a regular basis food + drink provided Not a good feeling!
(1) The food is not for to eat Everyone complained Your nurses do something to changes this as the hospital is wasting money This is a major part of pate are that you have failed (2) room with an elderly man with slight dementia that kept me awake during the night Women should not be subjected to sharing a room with a man It can be embarrassing (3) The (some) cleaners are lax, in too much of a hurry & are not thorough. The floor in my bathroom had years of stains & dirt. The floor was black around the sides, especially in the shower stall.
(1) This survey should be sent out earlier when memory is fresh on specifics (2) One gruff nurse can influence the survey.
(a) Upon arrive staff looked at me and noticed that I did not look well. Then asked if I was close to fainting or had chest pain. (b) When I spoke to staff they would listen. (c) When discharged staff asked if I had a way to return home. Emergency staff well done Thank you!
(I paid for ambulance) Took ambulance to emerg because I was sent home with home care for 60 days. But still not 100% after 3 months.
(Thanks) To all my angels doctors + nurses
(unreadable) 10 is so not a good place I feel like I am being disrespected and I don't even come when I have no choice
) Meds & was admitted finally with al -------- Very happy with immediate attention given by staff Only problem - I had be used (XXXXXXXXXXXXX with I- No coeds that should not have been taken together
)000000000000(
)000000000000000000<
, it was an emotional situation. The staff were very attentive and quick, amazing staff. XXX's mom
.s admitted to ICU in a coma for According to my wife I received excellent care after leaving ICU I spent a month on XXXXXXXXX and received excellent care from all staff - nurses doctors physio therapists - every one. I was transferred to for rehab and again received excellent care from everyone and was able to leave for 3 weeks. Only negative is that the food at XXX is terrible. The food at was very good. Good food helps with recovery!!!
+ all medications were changed. The hospital staff gave me a new life.
0 outstanding issues or complaints during my >O<XX>00<XXXXX (@ )OO()
1 Food needs a big improvement 2 Rooms too cold and drafty.
1 nurse was heavily covered with perfume, not good for breathing.
1 Persons (usually (unreadable) minorities) or the like push (unreadable) to the front of the line to get medical attention first & usually do. 2 Those with compromised immune systems are required to wait in same area as those with contagious diseases which causes even more problems down the line.
1 The nursing staff were excellent) 2 However, my room was not cleaned (nor washroom) for the 3 days I was there. 3 The food was terrible
1-) Head nurse "XXX" was - terrific - in the cardiac science unit 2-) There needs to be provisions for people arriving by ambulance to return home.
1) Home care upon release was somewhat of problem with notable gap before release scheduled 1st apt ment of home care organization. 2) Hospital room was frigid - only learned on 3rd day in (unreadable) I could adjust the heat - doing so made a huge difference! 3) Dietary requirements (during hospitalization) could use input from medical staff.
1) I felt better on my own, A) Temp okay. blood pressure okay 2) Next visits blood test took place, other recommendation to follow like (Unreadable) had some injection, don't know what it was
1) I was admitted 3 days before a bed was located and moved 4 times in the 3 days. 2) When I was allocated a bed it was in a 4-bed room with men and women. One man so confused he kept climbing ou  a  bed and one woman so our beds. 3) Hospital nutrition service need some major attention. Dietary needs are not being met during a 6-day stay. Something needs attention.
1) I was operated on XXXXXX 3pm was scheduled to be released the next day (XXXXXXXX) There seemed to be confusion about 'tests" being done before my release. It took from 10ann until 6pm before all dr's signed off - and I was released. 2) Nurses (ward nurses) seem to be unable to do anything without dr's permission seems like a waste of time on both fronts. And of the their training both dr's and nurses.
1) Most of the time I had to ask if the staff were students. Drs etc... 2) Before retease, they told me I HADM to As of today. I haven't heard anything about being scheduled for any tests at all.
1) Noise from staff @ night prevented sleep. (2) Inappropriate roommates in semi-private. I was put in with older men and others with dementia which made rest difficult (3) Too many visitors accounted visiting hours need to be curbed and children + babies should not be allowed. (4) Cleaners mopping floors during meal service helps was distressing!
1) Please consider using a numbering system in waiting area for triage at XXX. People do not know what to do and serious patients are not getting preferential treatment 2) Do not make people wait for test results in ER send them home. Everyone has a cell phone
1) Special diets need more improvement sooner 2) Discharge notes to go was incorrect record of my stay. 3) Care partners connection to home from hospital very poor.
1. Arm band was not applied until day 3!!! (I didn't notice - a nurse did) 2.1 left before the doc showed up at discharge - waited 4 5 hours 3. The OT did a great review of care needs but Home Care didn't call until 48+ hours post discharge. I had to get my own equipment The Home Care process was unreliable and a waste of time & expectations XXX was great! WO(
1. Everyone was courteous & helpful 2. XXX & 7 hours was a long time to be there!
1. Everyone was pleasant and helpful. The food was very good also.
1. Explanations were not necessary (I XXXX and the ER was the only way to get antibiotic #18, #25 2. I am a XXXXX 3. Cleanliness on the walls and floors is very poor. I have never seen worse.
1. Felt like I was rushed out after heart surgery twice in 5 day stay! 2. Rushed to get up and out of bed 3. Nursing staff had to act as physic & med doctors our questions!
1. Give instructions on exercises before discharge 2. Inform and update techniques on IV insertion 3. More housekeepers. floors are unkept & stretchers need proper (unreadable) at night or evenings Infection control
1. I wished that the rooms were cleaner 2. That @ night the staff was quieter 3. The food was not great
1. Personal care aides were exceptionally good 2. The doctors were very good but they were not well coordinated 3. Physio, occupational therapist & social work should be more involved in discharge planning Arrived by ambulance directly to cardiac!
1. The food was not good Lost 17 lbs 2. No menu provided until I was in hospital for 4 days so I did not know what to order to eat Food was very bland 3. Other patient in my room very sick - awake at night often so did not get much sleep Tried to change ooms and/or get a private room was unsuccessful 4. Residen an incorrect order versus what I was II took it upon myself to contact surgeon's office to get the order rescinded.
1. The operating room team made me feel comfortable + explained everything to me. I thought they were exceptional. 2. Food was very good + staff very accommodating.
1. Triage nurse provided outstanding assessment and care with compassion as well as briefing her relief at the end of her shift as I waited for a bed approx 6 hrs 2. X).0( Dr. .ER is the excellent, caring, highly trained compassionate doctor a patient needs!!
1st post surgery night difficult. Staff seemed very busy. Well understood.
1st visit to ER XXXXXX husband and allowed in out some unreadable) have been better husband worried of seriousness
2 days on a stretcher in ER too long - Doctor & resident excellent in explaining to me & my family - At times I had medical delirium, some nurses were quite brusque with me - more explanation of what was happening to me & firm kindness would have helped - Dietitian & food services helpful
2 times I literally walked out of the emergency department. I removed my own intravenous from my hand and left due to not receiving care for up to 2 hrs Terrible experience
20-25 other people waiting at time of visit. I was moved up the wait line due to urgency. Great observation by staff.
2nd stay - same ward in five years. Nursing staff much improved in behavior & resources. Could not be better. What food I was allowed was way more varied & edible than previous. Need some way to allow patients & family to discern medical team & nurses from the PCA or PSW personnel.
2nd visit after an accident. First visit emerg was busier and it was more of an in & out. but 2nd visit was a slower night. Doctor had more time and explained a lot more after x- rays than first visit
2nd visit to emergency was very irritating. The 2nd female doctors to assess me was rude and condescending. She talked over me. Her explanations were long and filled with medical terminology no lay person could ever understand. She was quite dismissive.
3 days. I'm fine now with medication.  "Now that's great service".
3rd time diagnosed XXX Finally kept
4 in room - noisy - visitors should be told respect other for other patients. Nurse were super patient. Comfort was there #1 priority. Lack of availability/access/to physio therapists - not good - only 2/solidly book porter service XXX. Nurses patient comfort - very good.
5 long hours in recovery waiting for a room, thought my husband would be able to see me while I was waiting
A  on XXXXX I appreciated when I went back to see Dr. XXXX. He said he liked what he was doing leaving me confident and satisfied Upon request my daughter, a graduate of was allowed to listen to his comments. He said I was healing & I'm to revisit him in XXXXXXXXXXXXX. for a check up.
a better understanding of the possibility of would have been helpful
A big thank you to everyone int he Eft x-ray dept and orderlies. It was extremely busy, but everyone was patient, compassionate and had a sense of humor during this stressful time. My diagnosis was inconclusive but not for any lack of trying. Also safety protocols were always followed by every staff member. Impressive.
A big thanks to all staff for providing excellent care.
A big thanks to everybody involved.
A bit more variety of vegetables with dinners. I thought there must be a ship load of carrots available to be getting them every time. The rest of the food was okay.
A chair for my family member waiting with me in ennerg would have been appreciated. Thank you
A closer look @ my past chart would be appreciated as tests were discussed that had already been done & suggestion to see a specialist I already go to!
a few stitches. I think a nurse would be able to do this work and handle the would. I feel I over- used the medical resources for this. I defer to say was well taken care of at the urgent care of . Thank you
A GS drain should be removed under anesthetic.
A little compassion from the nurses goes a long way.
A little more compassion should have been shown by discharge dr. As well we always look at floors & consider them filthy. Then, what else is not clean?
A lot of the nursing staff are compassionate and understanding, it wad quite obvious that they loved their job and taking care of others. However, I had encounters with nursing staff who made me feel like I was a burden to the point where I would purposefully avoid pressing the call button or asking them for any help. The same thing happened with some of the residents/student doctors. attendings. ect, especially when I was moved from emergency to the floor.
A nurse in training did most of my care. Even taking my bed and me out in the hall, change bed then the other nurse would take me where I had to go to operations room.
A nurse named XXX was a bitch. She was upset that I passed gas and said I was overweight. Not a good nurse in my opinion!! Go get other work.
A pleasant and friendly environment
A short hospital stay resulted in solution of a long standing physical problem. Grateful for excellent care by efficient staff
A system should be implemented so that the patients are screened in order on my visit, the patients themselves were keeping track who got there first and who's turn was next the patient has enough mental stress and physical and doesn't need this in my case. the triage nurse skip me and told me she was in charge
A teaching hospital is a plus You get more communication between all those involved.
A very caring, professional and knowledgeable health team were available at the XXXXXXXX several hospital to assist me during my stay.
A very professional hospital.
'About me" is not the hospital's fault. I have been very ill for quite some time and the recovery time has been 5 months so far, but I knew the risk. Basically I'm just very tired of being sick due to other health problems that I have.
'About me", is not the hospitals fault. I have been very ill for quite sometime and the recovery time has been 5 months so far, but I knew the risk Basically I'm just very tired of being sick due to other health problems that I have.
Absolutely no complaints! Everyone super friendly and helpful. Quite a different atmosphere from a few years ago. Love how the doctors come and introduce themselves with first names. Also all staff introduces themselves. Keep up the good work! Thank you.
Accidentally gave me high blood pressure coeds when they had been discontinued for 5 months
Actual physical care 9. In case of overcrowding staff may be drawn from other departments? - 50 waiting? - XXX and other clinics may consider a practical nurse as head if no dr. available. Saving hospital emergency time and cost and patients time and cost
Admission was through emergency after transfer from XXXXXXXXXX emergency re ambulance on XXXXXX (more than 35 days ago) The only complaint was that both beds used during my stay had non working call buttons for requesting nursing help.
Admissions needs to better match up the roommates. To put an isolation patient in with post surgical was ridiculous.
Admitted directly from day surgery after a complication My dr was with me throughout the transfer GREAT!!
Advised Home Care & they came every day. Great service.
After 2 months for surgery I have yet to be contacted for any rehab Basically I progressed on my own for physical and nutritional well being
After a 6 hour operation, I stayed at XXX from XXXXXXXXXX on XXXXXX I was moved to a semi-private room. The high school girls that moved my bed parked it partially in a doorway and this is where I stayed for 4 days. During a fire drill I was asked to pretend the door could close My roommate was an eccentric lady who spent the night calling out for pain killers. WHen she received them she would sit up in bed and babel about her fabulous lifestyle she seldom slept and neither did I. Nurses were professional and took a lot of verbal abuse from that woman.
After a booked surgery there should be a room for the patient. I spent the night in recovery, was moved to day surgery in the morning, argued about by nurses, called the wrong name and then treated in a very disrespectful manner.
After asking numerous times for resident to come sign discharge fore its too late for me
After being in the hospital a number of days for a simple procedure and not being done due to category 3 on the list I found that metal health was falling, should have more support in these circumstances for patience.
After care emergency response nurse was very good
After having myI I had trouble moving and the lady serving my meals left my tray on the window sill. I really did not appreciate that. XX Other than that minor incident my stay was great
After hospital went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and it was excellent.
After I am still in great pain all the time
After leaving the ICU, I was assigned a semiprivate room on . I was given a ''roommate" a XXXXXXXXX man who was very loud and used really foul language all night long I requested that I be moved to a new room as I could not sleep with this man in my room it was really bad there was a shortage of beds but my main nurse acknowledged my problem and I was moved to a ward at last which was much better if I had not been able to relocate, I would have left the hospital I did not get much support with my request and I had to be really aggressive to be heard I know them is a problem with bed shortages but it would be good if an effort was made to avoid conflicts like the one I experienced that difficult man should not have been assigned to my room.
After my diagnosis in emerg  I was told I was going to a step down ICU as soon as a bed was available In the meantime I was placed in a curtained waiting area overnight without any supervision If I needed a step down ICU did I not need to be checked on throughout the night?
After my surgery I was not really that observant, so I don't know how accurate my answers are. Tried to do my best. >00000000(X.
After nearly a year of isolation due to the pandemic, already high level of social anxiety suddenly surrounded by kind, loving, professional people was an emely good experience given I Thank you all so much. Stay safe
After release, outpatient tests not scheduled
After spending a short time in the cubicle. I was wheeled out by the nurses station and waited for hours for the doctor I found the exposure to be intimidating & just having a hospital gown ok However, I'm happy I live in Canada & have the hospital care we have
After spending hospital as a iii   iii  iii   iii  iili  ii  I do not wish spending my retirement there. However XXX has gone above & beyond expectations )00000(
After surgery was in recovery for 12 hrs - family in waiting area was not told why the delay for my release - then it was decided to admit me Had to ask recovery staff to inform family as they would be concerned - too long
After surgery, we would have appreciated feedback from the surgeon. When I mentioned this to a nurse, she said ''they don't do that anymore" Food was bad.
After triage and being shown to the medical space there was a very long wait despite it being so quiet and only seeing a few other patients.
Again - too long a wait time
Age XX years' ----- Seen Dr. XXXXX )0000000000000(
Al OK
All aspects of my stay were professional W000000000(
All caregivers were rushed off their feet and waiting room crowded, and apparently this is normal
All concerns met with promptly. I also attend the eye clinic at
All doctors great. Many nurses great. Pressure to discharge to private home with insufficient care was too great.
All good
All I can say about my stay in hosp. is thank you to all drs. Nurses and anyone else who worked on me
All information is given verbally + I have trouble remembering it all
All med students should have to take + pass a communications test (just like nurses do) then there would less chance of them being rude to their patients!
All my experiences at have been nothing but fantastic XXXXXX
All my nurses were amazing! The doctors could use to work on their level of compassion and communication Speaking in a kind manner and not shing through a consult is important.
All nurses & dr. ask the same questions, as dr's don't communicate with each other
All nurses, doctors and staff were
All of the I have interacted w/ at XX for the hospital stay. etc have been lovely - kind, patient, gentle and caring. I have the highest respect and esteem for them. I do not know how they remain so calm + upbeat all the time.
All of the nurses, patient therapists were so helpful, patient + caring, not only with me, but others even though some patients were rude + hostile I did not care for the concept of team doctors Although polite it seemed as if they did not consult with each other enough ie not returning or getting me answers to my questions on many occasions
All of the staff were very helpful. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
All of the staff with whom I had contact were friendly, courteous and professional
All out gratitude to Dr. XXXX (cancer) + Dr XXX ((unreadable)) and the super professional team of residents are nurses The food was surprisingly good
All people in EDs are wonderful.
All persons involved, that includes patient doctor, nurses and relevant medical staff should be relayed the same and correct info. It should be in writing and mandatory to read for reach shift change regarding patients coeds + progress. Only the doctor who originally sets up meds be allowed to change them and only with consultation of the patient, another doctor (patients guardian) - no one else.
All previous experiences at the XXXX have been the same. Thumbs up to a great staff. Thanks to Dr. XXXXXXX for the XXXX hand surgery still works great.
All staff - A++
All staff (medical + other support) were uniformly professional, courteous, caring + considerate
All staff did an excellent job Thank you
All staff have been very kind + courteous.
All staff I had interactions with were excellent
All staff on health team was excellent, there were so many I couldn't remember them all, or what they did. Perhaps hand out a card with names, position, function etc.
All staff very friendly and professional )000000000(X
All staff was very understanding + helping I had excellent care at XXX
All staff were constantly courteous, caring, professional + knowledgeable.
All staff were friendly, careful, & competent. I was really impressed with the care I received. I felt very safe.
All staff were kind and professional
All staff were very helpful and friendly.
All staff were wonderful
All staff were wonderful and very helpful XXXX
All test/examinations were done with courtesy. care, and professionalism. All aspects of my condition were examined thoroughly.
All the food was tasteless Couldn't wait to get home even for a cup of coffee or tea Dishwater
All the hospital staff that took care of me were fantastic. The procedure was smooth. The care was compassionate. Doctors & nurses were explicit. Thank you so very much!
All the nurses + doctors treated me with respect and understanding I was very please with my care
All the nurses that looked after me were very efficient
All the problems with noise and cleanliness were caused by one other patient in the ward, and not by the hospital staff.
All the staff do their very best. Ideally we would have a larger ER and more nursing and medical staff. They all work hard and treat everyone with great compassion and respect.
All the staff was great but XXX is understaffed in a bad way This has to be fixed lobby the Wynn Gov harder and harder
All the staff were exceptionally caring & considerate
All the staff were extremely helpful.
All the staff were great and very caring. Even the good was good! The knee operation has left me pain free and very happy. Thanks especially Dr. XXXXX and all those in the operating room
All the staff were very reassuring and took over my care as soon as I arrived so I could try to relax a little and know I was in good hands. There was someone constantly checking my IV, etc. - and by that I mean every few minutes - so it was great.
All was good, even the food was better than it used to be
All went well
All went well. Everyone was helpful and considerate.
All were professional and caring. One thing your waiting room needs more sanitizing and done properly.
All your staff from doctors to nurses etc were very kind and thoughtful Thanks to everyone.
Almost received wrong coeds. I drew the discrepancy to the att'n of the nurses + they managed the situation. There had been an error made.
Almost unbelievably positive
Although doctors and nurses have different preferences and positions, I believe they did their best. I've completely satisfied their devotion and compassion that showed me, treated me and helped all As a whole XXX is one of the best hospital in Canada and health team staffs are well organized having extremely high motivation
Although doctors said to call them if I had questions it has been all but impossible to contact them Nurse care was excellent!
Although I answered I had pain I wasn't given any as there is nothing for the type of pain I was having.
Although I feel I was cared for + looked after, there were a lot of undesirable people in + out of rooms + staff seemed leery to ask them to be quiet/leave etc.
Although I had to have a traumatic surgery the care I received from the staff was exemplary. I don't have enough good things to say Thanks for your caret
Although I hear many complaints about our healthcare system it has been my experience that when you need help you get it. Nurses especially are awesome
Although I hope I never have to stay in hospital again, I have nothing but praise for all the care. compassion, and empathy I was given during my stay in ICU and on Kidd 6.
Although in hosp the staff doctors etc were very helpful & knowledgeable ruling to help me at my time Great job cardiology dept!!
Although m n was assessed quickly, there was a 1 week wait before I was performed. That wait caused some anxiety & my tying up a bed longer that required - but the results of my stay have been very positive & good!!
Although surgery is always stressful XXX team worked well together to ease my fear kept me and my wife well informed. Gave me good care. XXXXXX a first class care establishment. The best I have beet at ... Thank you all!
Although the care I received from the nurses/staff during this visit I was  reluctant to ever go to the ER based on my previous visit The nurse on that occasion was completely without compassion and was, in fact, quite callous as to her attitude towards the amount of pain I was in at the time. On that occasion I had seriously thought of reporting her.
Although visiting Emergency Dept several times it was for a reoccurring problem
Always had extremely awesome care no complaints whatsoever! 100% of my faith belongs to XXX & their excellent care.
Always treated with compassion and respect. Only complaint is wait time in triage suite
Am XX yrs old iii.* iii.* iii.* IS 3 good place to go People there are very dedicated I had no fault with anybody there in XX years )0000000000000000( Thanks
Amazed with the cleanliness The food was surprising - almost like home cooking Lot of variety nursing staff very friendly & accommodating.
Ambulance crew - great doctor - very talented nurses - top of the line. Food - OK. Good experience but I hope I don't have to do it again.
Ambulance supervisor is harsh. Road to the hospital is very bumpy It's an unpleasant experience in the ambulance
An blessing to all our health care people wherever they are thank you, god bless.
An excellent way of being received during a very difficult experience, congratulation to all staff. Keep up the great care of patients. Thank you
An excessive wait time of 7 hours before being seen is unacceptable! Actual care was done well.
An improvement in hospital food (both in nutritional & aesthetic value) could only cause positive outcomes.
An incredible facility with exceptional caring staff - the doctors A++
and during chemo treatment I had to go to emergency at times and my treatment has always been excellent at emergency I also apologize for my late reply but I have been out of my home for a couple of months
and it was severe. I could have used e help dealing with this as it
Answer 21: Trouble getting IVs inserted correctly. Answer 42: No planning needed. When treatment was done. I was let go, I was kept informed about when that would happen. Answer 21 again. I thought it was very good that no one felt compelled to retry a failed IV insertion. Another nurse was brought in for 2nd attempt and still another for a 3rd attempt.
Answers provided are general, however in most cases the treatment received from doctors anesthesiologists, and nurses exceeded expectations. Thank you.
Any opportunity to increase levels of privacy during treatment would enhance the patient experience.
Anything negative was due to being given a bad out of emerg only to arrive to find out bed wouldn't be ready for two more hrs. No body cared I was made to wait in hallway. 2 hrs. call if you want more detail.
Anytime I've been to Em I was always treated well staff very courteous
Appreciated all the service providers did a great job during difficult times
Arrived 5:30 am left shift arrived 7:00 dr. came confirmed 3 days later still not 100% Was impressed once emerg got results follow up by emerg dr. re charges etc. and family services for elderly care No food from evening before until 24 hours later
arrived and induced into a coma. my sleep/stay at XXX saved my life for that I am very grateful, my stay was touch and go and I am much aware of what has happened I generally thank everybody who took part on saving my life and accommodating my every need when I was out of coma, I would love to thank all doctors and attendees with help of helping go to the bathroom and such things like that, overall I feel highly privilege to have gotten the care .nd compassion served to me from the staff e if your aware I do have writing since I hope its readable I discharged myself on my XXth birthday XXXXXX I am doing much all that I used to do and taking much better care of myself and trying hard to gain my strength. My stay at XXX and was above a 10 scale rating both places were accommodating and well organized for patient care
Arrived at a slow period. Minimum waiting time at all stages. Injury was minor, doctor's office waiting time was 4 days.
Arrived at hospital unconscious Remained unconscious for 2 weeks. Then transferred to semi-private room in the hospital. Could not answer questions 23 to 29. Transferred to rehab hospital for another 2 1/2 months.
Arrived for ----  so I only needed triage. Questions 20-23, and 37-39 are therefore not applicable. Past experiences have always been courteous and respectful.
As a family we felt that the medical teams supporting me did not bother to read notes ... one team would frequently contradict the other leaving us frustrated and anxious. More actual communication is needed.
As a past XXXXXXXXXXX of this hospital I was greatly impressed by the level of care I received.
As I am a very cold bodied person, therefore my stay would have been much better with possibly an electric blanket
As I am hard of hearing- everyone was very considerate & aware
As I am XX yrs old I hope I answered your questions satisfactorily.
As much as anyone enjoys a hospital visit, I did. The staff are excellent and caring. I am getting better every day but I don't get to see my surgeon for 13 weeks from the date of the surgery. The pre-surgery times are outrageous and now I find out the post-surgery times are almost as bad. We have great hospitals, we have a great system but it does not work as well as it could. Please don't give up trying!
As stated the food was wretched - do away with trucking food in - presentation was terrible - white on white, bland cold what should be hot no hot coffee or tea. Thank heavens there was a Tim Horton's for a decent hot cup of tea
As upon my release with tablets to take for my heart was not told how to put it in le juice gingerale flat My husband was not told to give it with flat gingerale instead he didn't do that. Some medical students need to work on their bedside manner nurses are overworked. Food was cold Bring back hospital cooking their own food Doctors need to listen more to nursing staff They know about the person who is sick
As usual, I felt I was in good hands for my care during my hospital care. I was looked after in a caring and committed way. No complaints!
as very upset that it took so long to
As you know very busy. Everybody was excellent, but waiting period should be improved if possible
Aside from being ill, I was always treated with respect, dignity + compassion! The hospital staff that treated me were very competent + kind!
Ask if you wood like food
At 4 am a resident came and said I could go home. I was told I would be in hospital for 2 to 3 days. I was  Not impressed
At all stages I was treated with respect & courtesy by all the staff displaying a high level of competence and total professionalism. Each step was clearly explained and results conveyed to me in a timely fashion The doctor reviewed my medical history and recommended follow up tests I feel fortunate to live close to the fantastic!
At first I went to After diagnosis, I was transferred LIP for the further confirmation and operation.
at home to go to XXX the following XXXXXX. When I got there, I was told that I should have seen an urologist at I had to go through XXX emergency to see someone there Other than that, I got to see a surgeon 5 days later from visit
At my first encounter the intake staff member made a comment in an accusatory tone that I had visited the ER only days before when in fact it was routine breast cancer screening at the XXXX facility in the east end.
At no time did any XXX doctor make an effort to update family members of my conditions.
At the time of the visit at XXXXXXXXXX the area where you waited for the triage nurse needs some sort of 'number tickets' to indicate who's next.
At this emergency dept. my visit was pretty fast even though they were busy. But the other hospital in my city you experience very long waits regardless how much pain your in.
At XX years old this was my first stay in a hospital I must say it was a most positive experience
Attended after hours clinic - doctor told me to go to Emerg. However, as I had an appointment with my family doctor the next day. it was decided I not see a doctor at Emerg & wait to see my family doctor the next day.
Attention to detail is needed eg. there is a sense that a family member is welcome to wait though on last few visits, for other family members, thre haven't been chairs available. If there is a 6 hr wait this is problematic.
Awesome nurses.
Bad cut on finger Needed 6 stitches. Good visit!
balance I decided to go to the ER. (I told the triage nurse it was not an emergency)
Bathroom shared between 4 people was not cleaned while I was there - quite dirty (3 days)
Bathroom was never cleaned. My wife had to clean it as well as the room Arrived by ambulance in severe pain, had to go to admissions and wait in there to get admitted. This was un le
Bathrooms could have been cleaned more often
Because I did not make a fuss in triage I was ignored - I waited with or 30+ minutes e ore anyone even asked me what my problem was. it was not busy! (3 others waiting) The doctor attending to me was amazing
Because I had a broken wrist I think the waiting times was too longl
Because of COVID 19 and reduced surgeries my stay at the hospital was extended. The surgical team kept me informed at all times.
Because of delays in getting the surgery that day my daughter went home. The nurse was to call her if I was e it. The nurse never She wanted to be there when I went down at 10:30 PM
Because of oncoming COVID 19 I was visited the night before discharge in noisy (unreadable) room
Because of the 4 OR's are currently shut down, I was postponed twice for surgery, and my surgeon had to fight for me not to be bumped a third time
Because of the amount of activity that day I felt my visit was very good!
Because of the covid 19 pandemic, my wait was somewhat uncomfortable (mask/anxiety) but I was expecting a much longer wait. I was completely done in 3 1/2 hours, despite being triaged as nonurgent. I consider this wait acceptable. as I was expecting a 6 hour wait.
Because of the nature of my visit I was bleeding pretty bad and was expecting to have less of a wait. I was 1 plus hour before the doctor came around.
Because of the pandemic it was hard not having family come in. Drs were very good in keeping family informed
Because the wait times are lengthy, there should be better access to food that is available closer to the emergency department. The current cold drink and snack vending machines are not enough.
Because there wasn't a regular room for me after my surgery, I spent most of my say in ICU type room, it was very nice for me but I am sure there were probably people needing the room I was occupying
Because this visit was during the Covid 19 pandemic, the emerg. dept. was basically empty. Also, my spouse was not allowed to stay with me during the visit.
been located. This was reported while was a patient and prior to my departure.
Before being transferred from Emergency to a private room Clean the room, make it livable
before surgery Also there was a mix- up in my records about the dates of admission + surgery. Next morning at 05 AM after surgery assistant doctor woke me up, me without my hearing aids in + sleepy did not ask any questions after all
Being admitted took too long.
Being discharged at 9:30 PM with no staff assistance, no wheelchair + a long hall walk to no assistance at the entrance/exit is not acceptable! Any patient having spent several days in hospital needs to be escorted to the car/taxi or (unreadable)! X
Being in hospital during Covid is not pleasant. Visits from one family member every other day is not good for the patient or family.
Besides sharing a room that sucks. The whole experience was great. My surgeon went above the call of duty and the nurses were great
Best - quickest ER visit ever The dr even gave me a Covid 19 test. (it was negative)
Best care I've had in a long time I was transferred by ambulance to XXX and that care was horrible Thank you to the great staff @ great care prior to the transfer
Best country in the world.
Best hospital food I've had. Friendly nurses & doctors.
Best possi Questions 26 - 29 do not remember anything for 3 - 4 •a►
Best staff -
Best XXX care anywhere in XXXXXXX I've been in many of XXX excellent care any very caring staff thanks tot his XX for there help in improving my health while I was a patient there XXXXXXXXXXXXXX would love to say thank you to all the nurses as well
Better (more) training for blood + IV for people with difficult veins Better communication between doctor, nurse kitchen if person is staying overnight
Better cleaning daily in rooms.
Better communication between doctor(s) and myself explaining side- effects, choices in medication that suit 'My' lifestyle Thank you XX
Better experience than in the past
Better explanation/discussions about student participation in actual surgery
Better food. Wait time for surgery to long when a person is in pain.
Better or improved primary care would go a long way to solving crisis in the ER!!! And you would not have to send out and administer questionnaires that will only contain what all of us know.
Better than I expected Last long stay ago @ XXX!!
Better than XXXXXXXIXXXXXXXXXXXX + area. XXXXXXXX's the best around, great
Between 2 emergency rooms - 15 hrs was a long time and pain level was quite high after 2 reductions on my arm. The doctors on my 2nd one kept apologizing for this My surgeon was amazing and very sympathetic.
Big delay in getting to a room or to be released
Big thanks for saving my life. Angels of Mercy is what you are. God bless you all My family thanks you
Bleeding for 6 hours at time of visit no treatment. Left 6 hours later still bleeding. Had to ask for gauze to stem the blood
Boredom
Both Dr. XXXX and Dr. XXXXXX were excellent.
Both nurses were extremely kind and compassionate
Both the doctors + the nurses showed their compassion + respect for the patients on top of their professionalism
Both visits were during shift change when nursing care is almost non- existent. 2nd visit no nurse attended to see patient in assigned cubicle for 1 hr & only after resident dr requested immediate pain meds. Also nurse's med info & rm & did not match actual patient
Both They were excellent and overall staff worked hard and were very courteous.
Breakfast - normal & good Lunch & dinner the meals are terrible - steamed food The pork tasteless & pale I had family & friends bring me food.
Bring back the number sy stem like & del. I had people jumping in line before me when I was there before them!
Broke my wrist but by far the best emergency follow up care I've ever received. Incredibly timely service doctors were excellent, kind, and did such a great job setting it that I didn't require surgery
Broken bones should never have to wait for 65 hours - & not be offered cold presses/pain relief to keep swelling down Our health care system sucks' Totally disappointed - I only use our health care system when absolutely necessary ie physicals Never go to dr's. or emergency for aches/pains.
Broken promises as to when my operation would happen. Five days w/o food or water because I was always going the next day.
Busy busy
but due to COVID 19 this will probably be postponed until XXXX
but I was treated as if I was a moron. By one of the best drs I have met on previous occasions she was amazing!
Call Button- there was a call button attached to the bed sheets that contacted the nurses. There was also a call button on the bed frame beside the up and down bed button ( this button was part of the bed and did not contact the nurse). I received clear directions on the correct button to push however during the post surgery haze I used the first button I saw. Unfortunately it was the wrong one. The other ladies on my ward appeared to have the same problem. The lady in the bed beside me cried out all during the nights and would try to get out if her bed. Unfortunately she had other issues beside her surgery that caused these outbursts. They affected the other women on the ward. With the great need for hospital beds I have no suggestions that might resolve this type of challenge.
Came by a • 4 - directly to Cath Lab then directly to OR for Every stage of treatment was (10)
Came from another hospital via ambulance -After emergency surgery was in cardiac ICU -Excellent care!
Came in during this pandemic Some dues. not fair to respond Staff were looking out for themselves I felt like I was imposing on them to get at on esp night shift. I needed They would not let my wife deliver these at night because of protocols Very hard to answer these questions because of what is going on right now.
Cannot complain about our system one bit we should be thankful for what we have in this area all the way from ambulance to the home care I was well looked after.
Can't remember all of my Nurses names. There was a XXXXX and she was absolutely second to none. Much love.
Care couldn't have been done in a more timely manner. More attention spent at the bedside instead of laying there for a lengthy time being ignored warmer blankets for the elderly given out would have been nice. You need more doctors/nurses - food should be offered to patients who sit in ER for a length of time Rehab care after discharge should be offered before going home. Ex: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for the elderly.
Care from all staff was excellent.
Care from each department was good but I felt it was very disjointed explanations from nurses was nonexistent information from different services was conflicting at times overall care met the standard and I have recovered well.
Care given promptly because of (unreadable) bleeding all over
Care in general was very good.
CARE IN ICU ON 2 WAS AMAZING,THEN WAS MOVED TO GENERAL SURGERY FLOOR, NURSING STAFF WAS HORRIBLE! COULDN'T WAIT TO GO HOME!
Care in the OR was great but I was in a room for 4 days and they never changed my bedding once I was left in the bathroom for quite awhile because of shift change.
Care is much faster if one arrives by ambulance!
Care received on XXXXXXXX was much better than other floors. Where indifference seemed to be the rule
Care very much improved since last admission. Cleanliness - greatly improved. Trays wiped down multiple times per day (previous admission not wiped once), bathroom cleaned several times a day.
Care was 2nd to none saved my life!!!
Care was excellent
Care was excellent but even though it wasn't the emergency we thought wait time was long.
Care was excellent but order of procedures incorrect
Care was excellent from everyone. Housekeeping of areas + cleanliness could definitely be improved especially in a 4-bed ward with 4 men
Care was excellent, however, I was in the emergency ward. It was so cold I had to have family members bring me extra clothes to wear.
Care was excellent.
Care was good but I must say the nliness could be better. I contacted I've heard this is quite common whether this is true or not I'm not sure.
Care was good but wait time was long
Care was very good. Quite a bit of waiting, however
Caregiver not allowed in to assist with communications.
Caring staff Dr. XXXX's team great!1
Cause was unknown, which is why I didn't understand the main health problem (question 24) or my diagnosis (question 27).
CCU was much better care than regular ward. X
Changes need to be upgraded Thanks
Check any time requires attention (unreadable) several hours for (unreadable) to like me downs (unreadable)
Check out should be better organized. Took 3 or 4 hrs.
Child visited ER d/t a service. Ended up being admitted.
Clean up the wash rooms back shifts are a mess
Cleaner rooms. Cleaner bathrooms. More dusting. My room is 3 days before being mopped.
Cleaning staff complained at 10 PM hen I was attempting to sleep after a I didn't really want to listen to cleaning staff or nurse playing music loud on her cell phone!
Cleaning staff needs to be more thorough and keep all room at clean not a fast job. I'm grateful for my Dr. XXXXXX & his staff nurse need to staff off cell phones.
Cleaning staff needs to move tables & such instead of just sweeping and mopping around them.
Cleaning staff very poor quality Bathroom not clean PSW - uncaring and (1 time in 4 days) rushing me all the time Was not given any towel or face cloths
Cleaning: excellent job Food: great Drs non Interns: two 1st hrs in Emergency not enough beds
Closer & cheaper - parking. Easier access to main door of emergency room. Its fine if your being dropped off but a long walk if not.
comfortable - no pillow & help. I found nurses not very pleasant & this was at shift change, so not tired I asked for pillow & nurse tossed a towel & roll up for my neck. Dr. was very pleasant & helpful.
Comments from staff were often inconsistent from one staff to another
Comms were sadly lacking between depts. and there were times when no one knew who my primary doctor was. Also when giving new coeds it is helpful to know why and what they do. All facilities need some renovation to spruce up the place - peeling paint and window screens full of flies, etc. don't give the patient a feeling of cleanliness. Also it is too bad you can't get the room your insurance pays for and end up getting billed for a private room difference and when they move you out of ICU to a ward they don't refund you the difference between the rooms. Not my fault I was admitted to a private as that was all they had.
Compared to many hospitals in XXXXXXXX, where I moved from 10 years ago, XXX is fantastic! The staff in emergency were awesome! (efficient & compassionate) Dr. XXXXX is a "super' surgeon! (very competent, very reassuring and very compassionate!) I would recommend this hospital to anyone who needs medical care!
Compared when I was there 40 years ago, the staff and overall hospital stay has improved 100%. Thank you so very much!
Complete satisfaction
completely healed I received a call about 2 weeks later inquiring about the situation. Well done.
Completing questionnaire as  POA for mother with Was thrilled with patient support staff that would stay with mom where we Idn't be there Hospital has improved supposed for significantly in the past 5 yrs - it was sadly lacking back in XXXX
Compliments only to staff + doctors Would definitely recommend this facility!! Thank you!!
Concerns: 1. - My partner was never contacted! 2. It was very noisy from 9:30-11'00 PM (card playing?) 3. At times communication was weak between different staff 4. I received NO help with anxiety - I didn't know what to expect when I got home
Confidentiality is an issue in this emergency due to overcrowding, especially when put in the hallway. I felt like I was in a third world country - when I was put in the hallway - the emergency department needs to be updated to help with this.
Connell 9 staff were attentive and very compassionate. However, this was not our experience with a hospital stay in Davies 3, cardiac unit.
Consider myself lucky to have had such excellent care Think the world of Dr. XXXXXXX.
Considering the extra level that Covid is adding in everything we do, it went better than I expected. Was discharged a day or so earlier because of it as well. No one is nting to stick around hospitals at XXX. So all this to say that although (b) my first experience wasn't memorable, the last 3 times were muc er. I do have an underlying and i nave been dealing wan hospitals and specialists a lot. Front line workers is a tough job to say the least and I always appreciate was has been done for me.
Considering the fact that staff is working under strict COVID-19 protocols. I was very surprised at the level of compassionate care I received. My overall rating would have been even higher, but for 1 staff member. The physician who discharged me was somewhat dismissive & patronizing Everyone else had been very caring but this final interaction coloured my experience somewhat
Considering the surgery I had a complete 'my hospital stay (almost 3 weeks) went very well great nurses helped me a lot
Considering what is going on in the world right now the staff were all excellent
Coordination between cardiac and renal could be improved.
Coordination of hospital XXXX and community XXXX lacking It took several hours for XXXX, physio therapy and social worker to come and coordinate
Cost of a sling for my broken shoulder Was not explained to me at discharge 520.00
Could improve food.
Could not be more happy with my stay Everyone was great. >0000000K
Could not find this survey online.
Couldn't get nurse to help me shower or clean up after surgery so family member did it on day 3 Nurses had party at midnight one night They announced we may not be able to sleep for noise.
Couldn't speak up then ... can speak up now! On XXXXXXXXXXX I was admitted to XXX for a minor surgery. The procedure went as planned and after a day of bedrest the hospital staff encouraged me to about and be sure to sta  well h drated. As a They were wonderful! To summarize, I now have a number of personal heroes in my life. I don't know who they are. I can't recall some of their faces, but I'll always remember and fondly think of them. As a community were fortunate to have people like this amongst us. I for one will never forget that. )00(4X
COVI. Went to emerg as no doctors are open The only reason I was seen in a timely manner it was during COVID. Usually time spent in emerg before even seeing a doctors is hours only to be taken to a room and wait more hours as they all gather around a desk talking, laughing, most people only go there if need be.
Covid + not safe with visitors! Visitor screening is a joke! Keep covid out of hospital. I would rather no visitors and feel safe. Stop moving patients so much!
Covid 19 aside, your nurses in general took full advantage of the fact had we had to rely on no advocate because our family were forbidden to visit. The parties and laughter from their area was a nightly event. Patient care was the last thing on their minds.
COVID 19 played a part in my hospital stay. because no family support was there when I had to have surgery! NO communication to my family from the hospital to update my surgery + or condition. My care on the ward was excellent - very professional and caring!
COVID 19 protocols were good.
COVID 19 was in full force. I was in emerg for 22 hrs until my COVID test came back. Overall my time in XXX was very good.
Covid protocols were in place. and I felt very safe.
COVID-19 time ED empty Staff not overworked at ED XXX. Only few patients were present at ED ?
Crazy person beside me, we were the only ones in the floor they could have separated us so I could get the proper rest I needed. Nurse let my catheter back up even when I told her something was wrong. Another nurse didn't follow drs orders for medication & chose not to give me one at night. He was going to write her up, he was very angry.
d nurses were amazing. The had a very wild time. Took me a while to know what was going on. The surgery was extremely amazing. Little to no pain.
Day of surgery unaware time would be ent in the recovery room oblem while here with
Dedicated doctor
Dept was to followup with test result I confirmed if I was to cal and was told not the hospital would call me. No one has called me with the test results. Otherwise great care under pandemic circumstances.
despite multiple attempts to reach medical staff there was no  communication from the medical team to the 'Absolutely appalled.
Despite the to the numerous general complaints, I never had anything but the highest regard for the quality, patience, expertise and genuine interest shown for my concerns - and well being. Thanks you all.
Did good job!
Did not answer #'s 23-29. I arrived by ambulance and was unaware until I became conscious in ICU.
Did not enjoy the hospital food
Did not get a discharge note. Took too long for information to get to my family doctor
Did not know what to expect - very pleased with care received as well as follow up
Did not like being a ward where there was men in the same room 3 out of 4
Did not like sharing room with a male who was moved in during night, anxious smoker who went for breaks outside.
Did not like the food.
Did not like to be woken up at 3 AM to change a dressing. Otherwise all was very good.
Did not receive enough pain medications, until I finally had an emotional breakdown, do to my ex ain level had a very bad try to avoid bad reaction.
Did not see a dietician at all re food request
Didn't care for most of the food Otherwise a good experience
Didn't enjoy sleeping on a stretcher all time there - until - I know to release - I'm skinny and it hurt me
Didn't explain med changes. noted I should no longer use oxygen (unreadable)! People were wonderful (nurses) I really didn't see doctors much.
Didn't feel the dr. took the seriousness of my reason for being there serious enough. I simply gave me a prescription and sent me away - no questions or check-up at all.
Didn't like sharing a room with a male. "Twice" I am a female!
Dietary person care to ask why food was not being eaten Next meal was charged and request for condiments were added to improve flavour Excellent service
Different drs would tell me different things, I kept telling them that and telling them  who do I listen to when you tell me 1 think and another dr tells me something else." They never did help me, at all It was a horrible experience all around I could write several pages of complaints.
difficulties, nothing to do with the quality of hospital care
Difficulty finding parking Each time an IV was inserted was a problem Private room wasn't available
Dirty, noisy, unprofessional, food not fit for dogs. staff lacked compassion & understanding, very poor communication from beginning to end I feared for my life and would hate to have to go back.
Discharge planning needs much improvement. Local pharmacy needs time to prepare drugs too. Receiving a Rx a few minutes pre closing on XXXXXXXX is unreasonable. (Discharge date).
Discharge seemed confusing like things were missed Any therapy was missed I had to ask if I could leave and they were surprised. I was still there Card XX
Discharge summary was excellent. Did not have a "porter to assist me ton front door of hospital. It was a long week without a wheelchair. Very weak + tired.
Discharge was a nightmare. After giving me a time they decided they were going to wait a couple hours more There was no apparent reason for the delay. My driver (hired) had to wait almost three hours before I was released.
Discharge was not organized. It took 3 hrs. I was sent home with the IV shunt still in my arm.
Discharge was not so great - not a plan or enough info. Possibly discharged too soon as I was back in a few days to get more blood and iron
Discharged home very long time for porter to help after time 1 1/2 hour nurse had to take me down to car.
Do something about the lack of quality in the food. Please
Doc Awesome doctor XXX Awesome staff - nurses
Doctor asked me ''stay or home" My choice home. Appointment in two days - more xrays My only medications = ex. strength tylenol
Doctor was first rate. I only had to wait because I wasn't a priority. Other emergencies can in that were more needy and that is very fair.
Doctor was very rude, hard to talk to. Hospital was filthy. Long waiting periods. Under staffed. Felt rushed/pushed through quick - not take seriously.
Doctors & nurses were excellent.
Doctors & nurses were very goodl Too long to get in over 3 hours, think some people maybe did not need to be in emerg? Just my thought, but staff excellent at least with me. Thanks!
Doctors + nurses were pleasant + informative at all times
Doctors and nurses were exceptional (superb). I am very satisfied with total care. I thank them all. )00000000(
Doctors have a difficult job they do the best they can in my opinion. They need to not put in so many hours. Any person needs rest and relaxation to function at their best doctors and nurses are way over worked. I am grateful for their patience and help try to make life better for them.
Doctors should ask of medical history and allergies for themselves and family
Doctors were amazing and very thorough they called the on call physician in and he was fantastic. Explained things to my young son & was very patient Triage nurse wasn't in the best of moods. Its unfortunate that adults "under the influence" or patients displaying erratic behaviour aren't able to be in a due to the seriousness o  my son's injury we didn't wait long and my son wasn't subjected to the gentleman's behaviour for long We need more services for mental illness.
Doctors were very attentive and concerned Nurses very pleasant and efficient. Food was not healthy.
Dog therapy visit - lab sat in the chair beside me so that I could hug, get kisses and affection. It made me cry and helped to relieve my emotions. There should be more available in the hospitals etc.
Don't change the way its working please. Set up and system is great and Canadians are so very lucky to have the health care. Don't F it up. Thank you. God bless XXXXXX
Don't like being told to shut up by a nurse or not getting meals because they forgot.
Don't remember much
Dr called ahead to tell Emerg I was on route & they were waiting for me when I arrived. If we hadn't been waiting for a results we would have been done in 1 hour.
Dr office told me to go their clinic which was (unreadable) on a first come first serve. I did this over and was  unreadable
Dr 's unable to find my records  from  dept
Dr was wonderful I am very lucky to have him do my surgery. The young nurses in training were so helpful and caring They couldn't do enough for you. Many thanks.
Dr XXXX and his team were excellent - so was the anesthesiologist
Dr XXXXX)0( was unwilling to run any tests or take the time to help me find a solution to the health problem I was experiencing He made me feel like I was a liar or crazy. I was very unimpressed
Dr XXXXXX was superb along with nurses - XXXXXXXX 3:00 - 7:00 - opioid & warm blanket was great
Dr XXXXXXXX and his team were excellent The hospital was managing very well in this time when Covid was ever present in the community I did feel well cared for.
Dr XXXXXXXX was both passionate + compassionate She has a great team Nurses were awesome Food was terrible
Dr XXXXXXXXX provided excellent care for me.
Dr. )XXXXXXXXXX and his surgical team saved my life. The nurses on XXXXXXXX were wonderful and encouraging always. Nutritional team were 2nd to none. PSVV's and volunteers were helpful.
Dr. >0000000400( ii.* iii XXXXXXXXXXXX levels surgery at Dr. 70000000000( and his ones he's training are unbelievable XXXXXXXXXXXX so caring always & I would go to them if I had to time & time again - they were the best I've ever met or seen - Dr. XXXXX and his whole group honest the best
Dr. examination and follow up took place in interior waiting area alongside three other patients Dr. immediately dismissed symptoms, provided no information on diagnosis, treatment plan, or follow up, and was unwilling to answer related questions Nursing + admin staff contact was positive
Dr. XXX was amazing!
Dr. XXXX made me feel at ease. He was so nice. Dr. XXXXXXX also did surgery on my hand. I think he is the best. I was lucky to see him in emergency! Thank you for reading this, XXXXXXXXXXXX
Dr. XXXX was with me after my "accident" and layed all the information to the hospital which made everything go extremely and neighbour
Dr. XXXX)000( was excellent doctor as as all others involved. I went I'm very thankful for a doctor that knew what she was doing.
Dr. XXXXX went above and beyond his duties checking in on me and also once I was home with a phone II the next day.
Dr. XXXXXX - nurse was very compassionate
Dr. XXXXXX head of em erg. at iii  iii  iii   iii  iii  iiiwas excellent. He listened carefully and even phoned me at home the day after the accident. ALL the staff were courteous, efficient and kind. Thank you so much. XXX. You are always 100%! >0000000000000000000000(
Dr. XXXXXX is an excellent gynecologist and I had complete confidence in him. Some of the nurses who attended me did not listen to me and were inconsiderate or rude. My meal orders were never as ordered.
Dr. XXXXXXX + staff were exemplary cannot overstate excellence of care Only drawback was 24/7 disruption by "roommates" preventing sleep + constant alarms Staff were sympathetic but did not change until morning of my discharge. I would not sign to pay for semi-private again
Dr. XXXXXXXX was a very caring and knowledgeable She kept me up to date on everything she was doing that involved me.
Dr. XXXXXXXXX's treatment of me was excellent. She is a wonderful ER dr. She is knowledgeable, calm and related well.
Dr. XXXXXXXXXX was fantastic He was very caring and even gave me a number to call him the next day Thank you God!
Dr. XXXXXXXXXX, Dr + Dr XX (sorry not his full name, resident working with Dr XXXX + Dr Dr - All amazing doctors - Dr. XXXX a great loss nurses , XXXXXX, )(XXXX, XXXX. XXXX etc Great at their jobs Everyone porters food service = great Admission is only issues. Admission issue - Woman who handled my admission was frien + professional. I was being admitted from emerg.I pn admission form I told clerk I think I have semi-private coverage but needed to check. Clerk said we'd leave it o w and I could check later. She could see I was now have an invoice for S1,250.00. I'll pay it, however in the clerks show of compassion for my situation, I believe that admissions should have followed up with me on XXXXXXXX to ensure unexpected costs were not incurred. Or put patient in the standard room until an upgrade is confirmed with insurance or patient provides credit card. Thank you
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX treats you like a real person - not a patient hosp # or just a procedure Every dr could learn from his excellent bedside manner Best dr I ever met at XXX
Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX is fantastic! He explained everything to my daughter & made sure she understood her condition.
Dr/staff did not listen to information provided by familylpatient Dr did not give a clear diagnosis at end of visit,
Drive in front of Emergency was so icy
Drs & nurses excellent. Cleanings a big problem. With hospital what does the CEO of hospitals do! ($300,000 - 500,000 job). They should ''walk the wards" every day to see the condition of their hospital!
Drs area of great concern was transportation the partners seemed to be very few and always too busy In several cares I had to wait long times to get from point A to point B in the hospital. They were really unreliable
Dr's being renovated at the time but they got me in eventually, within the time they promised. Dr. XXXXXXXX did the surgery she was extra special I have told many people, if you're really sick, you will be treated well staff truly made an effort to be kind, caring and reassuring
Drs very good. Said XXXXXXXXXX would contact me. But they d id not I've waited 3 weeks then I called. Bad advice about activity level later corrected by ortho. Hip surgery - should have been inactive for 4-6 weeks!!
Dr's XXXXX & XXXXXXXX are outstanding I was very well cared for Thank you!
Due to an apparent lack of in- service beds my stay in recovery was prolonged. My sympathy goes out to people who were apparently detained in the Emerg waiting admission.
Due to bed + stretcher shortages I    spent most of my time in the ER in a chair with my legs propped up as it was uncomfortable to sit. I was also transferred for a CT in a wheelchair which was similarly uncomfortable. In the grand scheme of things, small potatoes but likely contributed to an have been avoided. I am grateful to have a place to seek care that is not otherwise provided by my family doctor.
Due to covid as good as could be. Thanks.
Due to COVID my mom could not come in to the hospital but when she called the nurse told her what was happening.
Due to COVID the experience was wonderful. Thank you to Davis 3 especially xxxxx who worked with me all night long
Due to isolation from Covid 19 this is not a fair evaluation as things were changing minute by minute and the hospital staff would have been overwhelmed
Due to my age (XX) I believe I am treated differently!
Due to my situation, I seen a doctor fairly quickly. Normally it is a very long wait time.
During a very scary time I XXX neurosurgery & after care staff post surgery made me feel completely comfortable. All staff were friendly, caring & very kind. This was my first hospital experience it was terrific. Thank you XXXI & So thankful to have Dr XXXXXXX!!
During COVID restrictions, I was quite upset at the time.
During COVID, everyone did the best possible. Grateful to have urgent care option.
During Covid-19 restrictions so my husband wasn't permitted to be p nt while I as told I was going to land be with me later that day. It wasn't ideal but I understood why.
During my eight, (8) days stay in the XXX, I would like to thank all the nurses, doctors and staff, for the excellent care I received as a patient there I thank you XXXXXXXXXXXX
During my life I have spent appr Iin hospital I live in XXXXXXXXXXXXX and all my stays have been in XXX I cannot say anything bad about the service or staff.
During my stay I was told by a Doctor that they did not like to do emergency surgery and that Central Booking would call within 4 weeks to arrange a meeting with a surgeon. At 6 weeks I called central booking and left a very polite message - no one has ever called me back!
During my stay the patient in the next bed had to be strapped into her bed because she was mentally unstable. Her constant yelling and the fact that she had to have constant supervision did not make it easy to get any rest
During my stay they gave my morn a bed so she didn't have to sleep in a chair. I was also moved rooms to the tv room as someone needed + way more than me but I got a really amazing view the nurses and doctors were very friendly and helpful!
During my time in ER an older doctor (a foreign doctor) was in my opinion very rude, he showed no compassion and made a statement that upset me even more than I already was.
During surgery/after needing to keep the family informed about what is happening. Keeping surgery patients away from other patients that are loud & have visitors late at night. Discharge times better noted when patients can go home.
During the evening the nurses at the nurses station, they are extremely loud, noisy. I felt they had no consideration for ill patients.
e resident lied to get me to stay - health - when voiced no one took seriously or helped. Was not a good experience. it makes me scared for birth.
ED was busy there was a very difficult admit My visit was investigative diagnosis required (unreadable) and reading to determine
Education and ethnicity should have no bearing on treatment received. My mother (XX) was th patient. I worry that had no family been involved she would have been much more confused and uninformed. Is there an advocate for are alone?
emerg. room was full with patients that day. Short on staff. Long wait for blood- test result #19- Nothing they could do!
Emergency + ICU excellent XX)(XXXXXXX - Not enough nursing staff Was in a ward with elderly man who was shouting for help all night - Nurses can only do so much Should be an area to give people with mental issues help they need It was heartbreaking listening to him!!!
Emergency care excellent COVID 19 nobody to follow up. Overwhelmed 2 months to process everything moved to a 4 bedroom 2 (unreadable) no privacy. No help discharge (unreadable) + told to read them @ a later date. Handwritten (unreadable) 10 days later my GP called asking how I was making out with my prescriptions. I only had the one (unreadable) were written on the back of my discharge papers big error on the nurse + myself. Thankful that emergency was so good not impressed with my stay (lived in XXXXXXXX my whole life always been proud of our health care not impressed with this experience.)
Emergency department admission was brutal. I was in agony and I had to sit curled up in a ball in a chair in a crowded waiting area for four ho UTAL!
Emergency dept was clean & tidy, good atmosphere for those needing care.
Emergency dept was very crowded and dirty nurses were very pleasant and efficient no complaints - care was very good!
Emergency dept. did not seem to care about food for patients!
Emergency room - needs total makeover. Clean up Chairs very uncomfortable Should have place for small children/babies to assist parents feeding/changing - etc.
Emergency stay was horrible - KIDD 3 - Short term stay was excellent
Emergency ward too crowded. Spent most time in the hall.
Emergency was excellent )000000(XX nurses didn't care The room was dirty, felt like I was neglected until family came in. ICU & dialysis, surgeons were great was awesome XX)000(XXX - needs new training skills
Emergency was well run + set up with COVI❑-19 happening. Staff very kind + efficient.
en in this hospital many times or 'there at XXX I am a senior (XX yrs old) not in very good health but it is a wonderful hospital & staff. They have saved my life many times. I am very grateful for XXX.
Enjoyed the meals. Big improvements.
enough to be discharged, but waited 6 hrs to be completely discharged! After spending 4 days in hospital all a patient wants is to go home. Ridiculous to wait that long.
Entered hospital was saved by nurses team at gave me a second chance at life. Thank you. )000000000(
er much uncertainty I was finally diagnosed with I I received very conflicting information on how I was to manage symptoms once discharged A resident told me upon discharge on a XXXXXX that I just had to take it easy for the weekend and I should e fine the next week That was the beginning of XXXX myself through reputable internet sites and even my family doctor had to look things up
ER nurse was very aggressive with me, ban ied me into a wall and Crooned full to close the curtain or door she refused the huffed at me and slammed the door
ER nurses were amazing. Even making sure I called my husband. CV lab to XXX to D3, my care was exceptional. Residents, nurses, unit clerks, porters, PCA's, and housekeepers all asked if I needed anything or if they could help in any way! It absolutely is a eye opener to be the patient after being for the last Thank you to everyone and great job XXX!
ER personnel fantastic Floor staff not as informed re my condition
ER put me in a chair + in a (unreadable) - For 8 hrs, all the while I was very sick to my stomach + (unreadable) great pain from (unreadable) All the time waiting for coeds for pain.
ER staff & Dr. XXXXXXXXX XXXX staff XXXXXXX & staff were wonderful
ER staff did not hesitate to permit support person with me which was extremely helpful related to my other health concerns
ER too busy with walk in special needs / substance abuse / mental issues to handle medical needs of other patients - 65% of those in ER were 'self- inflected' category - more like a police situation than ER.
ER was an eye opener. Never have I seen it so crowded gurneys, paramedics nursing staff, residents and patients waiting to be seen. Very interesting and quite organized chaos. Thank you
es. The doctor are fast to   ull   our
estion 37, I found out that I was not taking one of my coeds p which has helped my over-all health since my discharge
Even the food was good l am vegetarian There were lots of options for me to choose. I am impressed with XXX.
Every care team involved with my care was absolutely top notch My release had a couple of small glitches but that may have been due to my own eagerness to get home.
Every one is excellent
Every single person involved in my stay was amazing and very caring.
Every staff member was very compassionate. The doctor who attended to my care listened to me & my spouse and ensured our concerns + care were met.
Every very busy at XX yrs. It's hard sitting for 6 hrs. Visits to emergency dept. have always been excellent.
Everybody involved with my accident was incredible, wonderful care XXXXXXX
Everybody was very good to me Doctors Nurses Hospital staff Thank you
Everybody worked really hard and saved my life Thanks to everyone
Everyone (doctors nurses etc) were all extremely knowledgeable I felt very cared for
Everyone did an excellent job and priority care was given to there with most urgent need. I
Everyone I came in contact with from the surgeon + resident to nursing staff and support staff were friendly, courteous and always there to help. The coordinated my follow up care, and appointments I received excellent care
Everyone I came into contact with was amazing. I was under quarantine (due to travel) which made things a bit more challenging. but everyone was accommodating and understanding.
Everyone in the operating room was very good to me I had good doctors and nurses. No complaints at all. I want to thank you all for very good care )0000000000000<
Everyone made me feel very comfortable being away from home )0000000000000<
Everyone so nice always a smile, even cleaners people who brought your meals Nurses I cannot say enough so helpful Dr very pleasant explained things till I understood
Everyone that I encountered was professional, caring and personable. Thank you!
Everyone treated me very well. I was pleased with all. I was transferred from emerg to Connell 9 after approx. 36 hours. There I met nurse XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and I was so pleased by her care and compassion. I will never forget how helpful and comfortable she made my stay. >00000000{
Everyone was excellent Told me about everything going on. Very satisfied X00000000{X
Everyone was friendly and caring
Everyone was very kind and helpful to me. The room I was in was very cold. but I asked for a heated blanket - was brought 2 right away.
Everyone were excellent and kind Great staff
Everyone were very kind and caring.
Everyone worked well together all staff kind, professional
Everything related to my admittance for surgery was excellent. Everything, including the surgery, went extremely well very professional. My ER exp e was less than ideal 9 hours to determine' ------ 'Very little communication for hours on end. Very nice people. though. Took 2 hours to get the MRI & 3 hrs to get results Anyway it was frustrating but there are far worse things in life than that!
Everything was excellent.
Everything was fine except maybe the food - microwaved anything has fewer nutrients than regular. I do not eat additive added or artificial anything That was hard to get used to.
Everything was fine.
Everything was good!
Everything was good. how ever the nursing shift nurses on nights were not very polite or helpful, they would be sitting at nurses station with their warm blankets on I went up to find out why they were not answering my button call they still never came for another 15 minutes.
Everything was great but (unreadable) should (unreadable) salt & pepper with my meals.
Everything was great, except. they did not know
Everything was perfect my stay in hospital.
Everything was very good especially the nurses. They went out of their way to look after me - + even the food - very good.
Everything went great for me. I seemed to be the oldest (XX) patient there.
Everything went much better than I thought it would go. It was a big surgery but the whole team were super. Thank you very much for your care. I do appreciate it very much. *
Everything went very smoothly I just wish that the hospital entrances and elevators could be kept clean.
Excelent care, as good as could be executed from staff that seemed overworked, understaffed and working out of outdated facilities.
Excellence
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent'
Excellent & professional care!
Excellent best service in XXXX>0000000(XXXX
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care
Excellent care - could not have been better taken directly from check in to bed in emergency
Excellent care - family focused + in leisure Very patient + caring
Excellent care & pleasant rooms. My
Excellent care & service
Excellent care after my ablation procedure Thank you!
Excellent care all around.
Excellent care- always
Excellent care and attention to me needs. XXX is the best hospital. Dr. XXXXXXX in emergency was positive about my future which helped me!!
Excellent care and treated well. Thank you. No issues at all.
Excellent care and wonderful staffl
Excellent care by all. Food quality not goodl
Excellent care by an excellent team
Excellent care by very dedicated medical and nursing staff.
Excellent care especially in light of Covid concerns throughout the hospital & community nursing students were amazing and their proctors allowed them to do the work & learn blessed to have a teaching hospital in our beautiful city thank you
Excellent care Extensive exams
Excellent care from all staff + Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX and her follow up phone call the next day.
Excellent care from Dr. XXXXX, & all staff. 2nd to none.
Excellent care great nurses
Excellent care overall - only thing of concern was long wait for access to CT scan. Understandable since this was an emergency department. Otherwise very sensible, highly professional care with good personal interaction. 3 1/2 stars!
Excellent care Poor food selection and taste Surgery time pushed back several times after fasting entire day
Excellent care prompt service very caring doctors + nurses
Excellent care Thank you
Excellent care Thanks for excellence care
Excellent care Was very happy with the whole experience as I was somewhat nervous going in
Excellent care!
Excellent care!
Excellent care!
Excellent care!
Excellent care! Dr. XXXXX and his team were fantastic! I was a happy patient!
Excellent care!!
Excellent care, prompt tests. Friendly and courteous care.
Excellent care.
Excellent care. Excellent staff.
Excellent care. Thank you XXXXXXX
Excellent cooperation between XXX ???X??? emergency and urology. A treasured moment occurred when a n - who had just witnessed Trembling she whispered to me ???I???nn sorry but I must hurt you. Her compassion and sensitivity are typical of the care administered by XXX
Excellent display of common sense. Thank you
Excellent dr & nurse carell Nurse/orderly (2) who took me to exam room was quiet grumpy & had no empathy.
Excellent ER care 70000KX excellent ortho care!!
Excellent experience
Excellent experience & excellent care, during this trip
Excellent experience overall! Unfortunately I had to wait 13 months for my appointment for surgery and it was someone's cancelation. Need sooner hospital dates.
Excellent experience.
Excellent experience. Most professional Staff were largely respectful Staff were thorough They were excellent communicators They were available for families and acknowledges their stresses and inappropriate behavior
Excellent facility.
Excellent facility. Thank you to very caring staff & doctors.
Excellent health centre & staff
Excellent ICU nurses - wished I could have stayed and not be put in a regular ward but understand that the ICU bed was needed for patients who were sicker than I at the time.
Excellent paramedics. saved me for 2nd & 3rd & 4th trips to emerg. Call the ambulance don't walk in!
Excellent physio therapy staff
Excellent response by the Race Team during my medical emergency post-op Great team work!
Excellent service
Excellent service - Excellent care
Excellent service. Compassionate, knowledgeable & efficient.
Excellent services by a group of medical professionals. I was given superb care and received emergency eye surgery early XXXXXX morning (the next day). Can't say enough about it!! Thank you.
Excellent staff and service under very trying conditions. BZ to all from reception/triage to the Dr. Thank You
Excellent staff Excellent surgeon Very professional and excellent care
Excellent staff Excellent treatment and care Very lucky to have a medical facility like this in XXXXXXXX.
Excellent staff on the floor I was staying. XXXX was exceptional. Thank you to everyone
Excellent staff!
Excellent stay
Excellent stay - Except for meals!
Excellent stay Long wait in ncy dept before treatment Arrived @ 7:30 pm in dept & it was 10:30 pm before seeing a dr. & then before receiving pain meds. This was my only concern & unacceptable considering the amt of pain I was in
Excellent stay, staff professional at all times compassionate. They were "cheerleaders" ie helping me keep a positive attitude for a difficult diagnosis and in (unreadable) improvement to my physical mobility to allow me to return home.
Excellent Thanks! )000000000(XX
Excellent, prompt. friendly care.
Except for the food - absolutely excellent!
excruciating shoulder pain for a few days after surgery. Would have been nice to know to expect this. Stellar care. Feel very lucky to have such a great hospital in XXXXXXXX
Exit nurse was very poor with directions and did not seem interested in me. I had never seen the nurse before my leaving the hospital
Extremely bad food.
Extremely good service. Competent, caring -- friendly staff. EMT personnel caring & knowledgeable
Extremely impressed with Dr. He diagnosed that my GP had been treating the wrong illness. My GP was XXX)000(  said that he would have written a Rx for xxx if he was in a position to monitor my progress. He referred me back to my GP, who increased my mg/d. Pain started to reduce then XX Thanks for asking!
F I Lack of nursing staff, doctors and equipment overload prevents prompt and caring care Poor communication and confusion reigns.
Family member should be allowed to come in with you for support
Fantastic care from an outstanding ortho resident. Dr XXXXXXXXXXXX, working under Dr . He was very empathetic, had a great knowledge level but admitted when he had to research something. Dr XXXXXXXXX was terrific as well & my follow up post stay to find causes of my condition have been acted upon. They saved my life! always be grateful.
Far too long of a wait. Overall good medical care.
Far too long wait in Emergency. no where for handy cap parking close to Emer. door.
fast stay in hospital was in XXXX 'Family doctor had me on medicine that hospital adjusted slightly - grand change
Faster getting back to us when in here to leave
Faster wait time especially when you are not feeling well and want to go home!
Favorably impressed by the severance of a small area of XX emergency waiting room, for what appears for monitoring and (unreadable) Now, only the epidemiologist on call priorities & many duties will efficiency prevail.
Feel your care is rushed or not thoroughly checked pushed out fast.
Feel like you have to been dying to get help They need to listen - have know our body better than anyone I feel they were sick of seeing me at emergency No one helped me through all my visits since XXXXXXXXX Finally on antibiotics.
Felt in very good hands
Felt like my wife and I did not have chance to ask all our stions when nurse from clinic came to explain about' --- Nurse seemed to be in a rush + was kind of rude Especially to my wife The morning of discharge was almost a chaos We had to leave no ifs or buts Nurse seemed panicky and did not really give us time to ask questions Gave us the impression that. ((Out you go I need the bed now)) )00000K
finally found me a stale sandwich and some juice. I was also shuffled around so much the doctor said he couldn't find me
First 48 hours night staff were irritable!
First class all the way.
First class staff from the cleaners to porters, the best nurses & doctors. Very patient friendly the emerg is a blessing. Thank you
First I went to XXXXXXXXXXXX because (unreadable) better (unreadable) They sent me to  XXX I was treated by both hospitals with respect. They took lots of blood at XXXXX. I came home was o.k. Dr. at XXXXX I now eat everything and now o.k. Thanks I was treated very good at both hospitals I am now XX years old Do all my own work Will be glad when I can go out and COVID 19 goes away. Many thanks too all doctors, nurses and others who have help in this time of need of the COVID 19 pandemic and always Thanks again
First stay ever in a hospital nothing to compare this stay too overall this was a great experience
First time for a stay in 30 years made to feel very comfortable
Following a CAT scan I came back & my 'cubicle' had been emptied & cleaned. I had to lay on stretcher in hallway - and get changed in he bathroom.
Following I the dietician should be present to educate the patient about possible limitations, and assist building up the diet during different stages (ie. from liquid, soft (unreadable), etc)
Follow-up by medical people has not happened
Food   Money wasted so bad. most is thrown out!
Food - leaves a lot to be desired.
Food - not enough Sometimes after fasting tests missed lunch or breakfast
Food - tea coffee lukewarm Teriyaki almost room temperature Juices = cold - good -lice cream great Jello - not cold -/cereals - milk not cold Parking - for my husband = always full He walked - 5 - to 6 blocks - Visitors - too many - too long time Should have been in different place Should limit - time Patient need rest Roommate - often on cell phone or playing games
Food (meals) for patient's could be improved
Food (unreadable) be better
Food + coffee needs improvement Couldn't drink coffee
Food at hospital was horrible Worst ever
Food could be better
Food could be better.
Food could be better. Not enough choice.
Food could be improved.
Food is not the greatest but otherwise I was very pleased with all: doctors, nurses, staff, etc.
Food is still not good.
Food is terrible!!!
Food is terrible. Lost weight. Should be able to choose more ie - sides, veg, mains
Food needs improvement.
Food needs to be more home cooked and hot. Be kept cleaner in all areas for less contagious diseases and infections.
Food needs work
Food not so good
Food not very palatable
Food poor
Food poor - tasteless. Not enough choice. Rarely hot. Some PSWs were very good, some not so good at answering call bells
Food quality was poor.
Food service Nurses Front desk personal Everyone with professional care
Food service staff helpful & pleasant. Food not bad I was in a coma for the ifrst six days so some answers may not be correct.
Food sucked. Glad to be home.
Food terrible - Nurse not trained in Some had not seen this - (unreadable) nurses lazy and rough - Never saw head front nurse
Food was execrable sick patients need good food. Noise an issue, but not much can be done Cardio told me to report to ennerg, but they had no clue - in hallway all night
Food was much better. There were 3 nurses that were very nice and informative An enjoyment stay )0000000(
Food was not in my opinion not very nutritionist
Food was not palatable, even sent back by the nursing staff
Food was not so good and did not have a salt free menu.
Food was not very good
Food was terrible
Food was terrible
Food was terrible Coffee wasn't drinkable
Food was terrible!!!
Food was terrible. Room & tray by bed was never cleaned.
Food wasn't that good
For #17, I put never, but I don't remember.
For a bad time in my life the hospital stay and staff was a great experience. Keep up the good work!!
For my first stay in a hospital I could have asked for a better experience. All of that staff went above & beyond what I had expected This was an excellent experience
For the amount of people treated in emerg most times it runs very well Friendly Competent Compassion etc (more funds needed) regards (always) )00(
For the amount of time I was there I was treated above and beyond my expectations. My post op was excellent as well. A great team effort on everyone's part!!
For the condition it was good.
forget. Very unhappy how hospital handle this Came into & out of surgery scared & alone
Found night time visits take longer than day visits with only one doctor on the floor. Also I had blood drawn twice for miscommunication before my nurse took it out of my IV after having painful experience because no one listened that it was difficult to get my vein esp. dehydrated.
Found patients weren't provided drinks + snacks during the stay I don't like to ask, so was disappointed they weren't offered Tea should be offered at breakfast Some people do not like coffee Care was excellent
Found triage process very confusing. Was told to take a seat where other patients were sitting, then realized I had to figure out who was ahead of me. Needed to ask 10 patients What order they were in and who was the last one to arrive prior to me. Would be helpful to have a better system to determine what order people are in.
Found XXX depts (ICU, emerg, etc) better than any hospital I had worked in - dedicated staff - supportive of each other - and their patients.
Fractured hip Drs were excellent in operation & checked daily until TRF to PCH for XXXXXXXX
Friend called ambulance to my home went with me to XXX Told me care was quick and thoughtful They were amazing and I got ''with it" again so some of what I report is what my friend told me Then my family came They were very impressed with the care.
Friendly & nice
Friends, I'm not typical for this survey. Been in just one night with my daughter with me, (unreadable) XXX next morning Everybody did the best!
From arrival to discharge my experience was positive & professional I cannot say enough about how all staff worked as a team before, during and after care.
From attachment - I have tried numerous times to contact someone at the number given on the questionnaire in regard to removing my name from the survey, but, with no results. I request that you please remove my name from your survey list. Thank you *
From attachment - NRC Health was in the urgent care at XXX be done. The reason for the preamble is to say that I was in a fair bit of distress + very XXX I received compassionate and quality care from both doctor(s) + nurse (XXXXXX) The dr explained the medication + I felt I was listened to. The second visit on  XXXXXX was in sharp contrast XXX started on XXXXXXXX but needed something more to deal drive" My third visit went a little better - By this point. I was XXX The third doctor was compassionate I asked again XXX with the last 2 doctors especially the 3rd primary because of my discomfort. My apologies. XXX I had to go back to my family doctor (normally not difficult during Covid not as easy) seamless health care would mean a referral from urgent care
From Attachment - XXXX was taken by ambulance because dream world (unreadable) part of the real world, and so her answers cannot be trusted.
From Attachment - XXXXXX was at from to went to . He does not remember much about his stay at XXX. I got to visit then we had lock down. We have always had good care and was treated with respect and courtesy by everyone at XXX. We would like to thank everyone there for all you do every day 24/7. If not for the great doctors and nurses this past year and more God only knows what would have happened. Thank you very much XXX)00( and
From my 1 week stay I found the nursing staff to be short staffed and overworked. Proper care is not always possible in this case. Cleaning staff could be more diligent As I am an older gentleman I didn't enjoy being in the same room with a female.
From surgeons, nurses, porters, custodians & meal personnel I was very satisfied. Thank you to all.
From the ambulance staff to the exit, totally professional staff. Thank you.
From the doctors down to the people who serve the food probably don't get enough thank you's. I would like to single out the nurses. They are so good at what they do. Again thank you to all.
From the janitorial staff to the surgeons. I was treated like gold Thanks to all )00000000M
From the moment I arrived at the hospital until the day I was discharged, I ALWAYS felt I was being well looked after. I am one very grateful patient.
From the time I checked in at triage to the emerg. staff to the nurses and doctors great care from all staff.
From XXXXXXX I was taken by ambulance to XXX to use the CT scanner and returned to XXXXXXX the same morning
Frustrating!
Full marks for all. They go out of their way to help!!
Fundamental lack of knowledge about Unfortunately, nurses are not trained in that field so care was done by my personal attendants. Some of the nurses did seem to care but were miliar with the changes
Generally I receive good care by all in the ennerg dept, but a lot of the time I also have to deal with grumpy nurses and doctors that are either tired or have had a bad day. and for somebody that's not feeling well, it makes me (or any body) more stressed or very uncomfortable. Its so much nicer when you receive a warm smile or hello. It helps to make you feel safe & comfortable!
Generally very pleased with staff & doctors & the way they handled my heart issue.
Getting home after discharge could have been better handled. Since I could not walk and had no family member available to help, the hospital should have a procedure for helping a patient to return home.
Getting home late at night was difficult - taxi telephones do not work, the payphone was out of order and there was no-one at security to provide assistance. I was finally able to get a taxi which arrived with a passenger.
Getting in  & out of bed after surgery for To bad there was a way that could be easier.
Given cost considering the food was most acceptable, You run a great hospital and I hope you give the same service to rural and distant patients
Glad its over with!
Glad you are therel Care much appreciated!
God (unreadable)
God bless you all.
Going from one hospital to the other hospital. Need more help with it. In ICU need more help with my GPAT Machine. I should have not, ahve put it up by myself and shouldn't need to bring my own water from home. I did not like the idea of being woke up at lam to move to another bed in the hospital.
Good & caring staff.
Good (unreadable)
Good care
Good doctor.
Good emerg dept
Good experience great nursing and doctors
Good experience. Staff great A five star hospital and staff!! Only complaint is the waiting time! Thanks XXX
Good housekeeping leaving something to be desired Rated as poor
Good job. Well done.
Good service. Visit for a
Good stay. Enjoyed peace & quiet in hospital room. Good view science labs and library.
Got excellent care No complains at all
Got in my room really late, so I missed selecting supper. The nurse gave me a sandwich from the fridge. Suggest that staff be aware of late arrivals on rooms and order their meals for them.
Got there at 735 - Reason I was seen within 1 hr. - Doctor told me that she had made arrangement with ear. nose + throat for them to make appt with me - Never heart from them?
Grateful with kindness of staff.
Gratitude that XXXX exists. I am happy to pay my taxes for self & others.
Great ambulance staff!!!
Great bunch of people.
Great care from staff working under huge pressure It was an abnormally busy night. Only thing I thought could be improved was to quiet the heart monitor beeping It must be very hard on staff too!
Great care!
Great care! no family doctor
Great care.
Great experience
Great experience! The discharge process could be lightened up. Many disparate ideas on when I was to be discharged XX
Great hoping they can keep the good service (work) up to standard.
Great hospital staff and Doctors Great hospital
Great job by all from start to finish
Great nurses + other with a sense of humor + very caring, we are lucky in
Great nurses, staff, doctors (Lousy food)
Great nursing care Both nurses + doctors took great care of me.
Great organization.
Great people and current updates
Great service Thanks
Great staff, doctors & nurses however after my surgery, there was no bed available for me so I stayed in recovery for 31 hours. However I got great care & sure was more inconvenient for staff, nurses & doctors
Great to know we can get great care very efficient, kind, listened well & other people there for treatment were respected. COVID - 19 screening was done & people w children were taken ahead of me - I approved.
Had  r etting from bed to outside due to wearing a ------- Wheelchair was very bad No support for the leg.
Had a CT scan in the AM Had to go to emergency to get results. Took 5 hours for a doctor to give me the results. I was not impressed with that
Had a nice experience at XXX all went as planned. Thank goodness.
Had a physical exam in abdominal/groin area while on a stretcher in a public HALLWAY in ER This is a clear violation of the expected standard of care - Was only told of a ondary procedure to repair an t discharge - also below the standard of care
Had a slight issue when I passed out after leaving the recovery room & being transferred to kidd 6 room. RACE team was immediately attending me and ensured no problems Very pleased with their attention and concern.
Had a very great experience. Both doctors & nurses were great. If I had to be in a hospital it was a place that took care of me.
Had an NG tube put in - went in very well, it was removed, and shortly after another had to be put in, the 1st yr resident put it in - terrible experience - and he was teaching a Fined student how to do it. I asked a few drs the proper way to do it - and it was always the same response - the opposite of the way the 1st yr resident did it! This resident continually argued with me about everything! Hope I don't have to deal with him in the future!
Had been to clinic re XX)0(XX on (unreadble). They thought I might have an inflation so I came here per instructions.
had better food JC are very good.
Had cardiac surgery and spent several days in CSU where I was extremely well looked after and family well treated.
Had forgotten what reason I had for going, I phoned to find out, they said I had a cough. The answers I gave many I assumed what had been as usually these would be my answers.
Had one terrible nurse 'the Nazi'
Had problems understanding dr's. RNs, due to my hearing loss. Some procedures delayed, not done due to holidays (was in hospital over XXXXXXXXX) Otherwise, great work done by all.
Had to  follow up in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for x-ray to Have one more x-ray coming up in XXX.
had to go back- extreme pain- kept overnight in emerg. Staff very busy
Had to go to the XXXXXXX to see a specialist. Unfortunately the communications between both hospitals was not that great as we waiting from from 10:00 to 5:15PM to get the okay to leave. Once we got there the doc said he had been waiting since 10:00AM to see us.
Had to have the staff close door due to noise level from some other patients (family) so I could rest.
Had to remind staff all the time - meals left with no help Emergency stay was bad Once seen b  dr moved to hallway on a gurney with no pi the night Very scary and uncomfortable forl When my wife asked for longer bed was told we were lucky we got a gurney Head nurse was very kind and romised to keep him by the desk d watch over him Just
Had to sleep on a stretcher in the emergency department waiting for an available room the first 2 nights, but I am not complaining as it was busy at that time. Also, I have
Had to wait 3 hours before getting any pain medicine when I was in severe pain. The wait time in the lobby and the emergency room was way too long. I also was not informed at the time of discharge that I was supposed to return for an ultrasound. I only found out the following visit with my family doctor as it was in his notes.
Had to wait 4 days for surgery - very difficult to rest due to noise from other patients. Sun room was being used as 2 patient rooms so nowhere to visit privately with friends and family
Had two visits within two weeks. The first I sat in the operating room on the operating table for at least 25 minutes before I was told there were no beds available and today's operation was cancelled. This was horrible in every way - awful! This should never happen again.
hank you for my excellent care. AFter yrt N   the immediate physis instruction was wonderful I loved the doctors, nurses, and physis and the doctors humour (XXXXXXXX) it was a very positive experience A happy hospital.
Happy with all the care I received Food was good
Have cell phone chargers. And have more drs not make people wait 4-5 hours. I was in pain after my accident and didn't get any pain meds to help with the pain.
Have no complaints about the quality of our Canadian Health Care System and the attention I have received at XXX
Having just had XXX I was not sure this was just something to be expected or if I should seek emergency care, my wife called the hosp. as it was a weekend. The person on the phone said yes this is something I needed to have checked right away so we followed his advice + went right in. So I feel everyone right down to the person who answered the phone that night had my best interest in mind I cannot say enough good things about the staff at XXX + XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX that helped me through.
Having physio come in to show me how to get out of bed without hurting myself was very beneficial during my stay & after I was home.
Having semi-private coverage and having to stay only in ward rooms was not comfortable. especially during the night .
Having to wait after bell ring. Told by nurse what to do next. Still having (unreadable) pain.
Having to wait in emerg overnight, seems we need another hospital Also was made anemic because blood was taken every 4 hrs
Having to wait in waiting room for hours while in pain is hard I find due to my husband having many visits this has got worse over years Never had to wait to see a doctor or get a bed (terrible) Also having a bed in a drafty hallway is not a good idea
He was amazed at how everyone works together cohesively to admission patient care.
Head nurse XXX is outstanding - should be the poster choice for nurse recruitment XXX is compassionate, funny, kind and very helpful. Great person who helped me so much!
Health card was lost.
Health care is assessed when one is critically ill I was and I got the gold standard thanks for that.
Heart floor nurses and support workers were excellent. Doctor kept me well informed Nothing but praise for this team
Heart related issues the care was excellent. Any other problems long wait times. Inefficient waiting to see dr. & then long wait to be discharged. Very frustrating.
Here in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is spoken of with great respect. I agree
Highly efficient, very effective & a recurring 'sense' of teamwork!
Historically always excellent service.
Honesty
Hope I never have to go there again. Nurse was rude Doctor didn't understand my situation
Hospital admission - for a surgical procedure Surgeon & residents were e  .-Ilent. Good pre-op & post-op follow up so use to medical & hospital experiences, can advocate for myself.
Hospital cleanliness is deplorable. Shared a bathroom w/opposite sex and was only cleaned lx in 5 daysl! Filthy tabletops/sinks/toilets Lots of people emptying garbage pails and pushing brooms but not cleaning. Other than short stay on COU10 where housekeeping is excellent the other floors etc are dreadful. Very good nursing staff very consistent, but PSWs are very inconsistent with PSW their training.
Hospital food - 5 out of 10
Hospital food - extremely disappointing. I lost weight! XXX - fantastic staff! if**  ii ******  ...if**
Hospital food? Yuck!
Hospital is understaffed and doesn't have enough beds. You have to wait too long to get a bed.
Hospital need cleaning staff that care! Emergency + PT rooms are not - more supervision would help! Meals + kitchen staff are much improved
Hospital needs more clean staff, bathroom was hardly & clean OR room.
Hospital room was dirty including the bathroom I was supposed to be in semi private but was assigned to a ward not happy about that!
Hospital staff and care was excellent and very professional I returned home in a 4 day long weekend. It would have been nice to have a support in place for my pain control and incision care. I do not live in XXXXXXXX Support in place would have helped me greatly ie - XXXXXXXX or XXXXXXXXXXXXX referral before I left hospital
Hospital staff did a great job.
Hospital staff were great.
Hospital stay was excellent The problem was in getting to it, took over a month to get to it
Hospital stay was good I didn't find the stay was very sanitary Floors were dirty & I wasn't offered hand washing after using the commode for I didn't have the opportunity for handwashing otherwise it was good. Bathroom on the end was shared & not sanitary
Hospital stay was great. Food sucked.
Hospital was clean, quiet and organized. Some of the nurses gave 120% other only 50%
Hospital workers need to remember people are sick and need to sleep to improve but it is too noisy to get much sleep there I was exhausted from lack of sleep when I came home.
Hospitals are very busy places & deal with all kinds of people, illnesses & situations. Given all that my doctor was excellent and everyone performed their duties in a highly professional manner
Hospitals in XXXXXXXX are fabulous.
hospitals are confusing & confining. Would be good if acute care wasn't so impersonal & always in an obvious hurry to finish with you & your annoying needs.
hour. After 5 days and many tests the cause was undetermined.
Housekeeping was a quick wipe in bathroom Toilet was ''filthy" - disgusting Floor spill by bed was reported to housekeeping and remained there until I left. Nurses & doctors were very efficient
How dirty the iiiiii iiiiii iii.* is- you have workers sitting around doing nothing. We watched some of them sitting for 2 hours at a time. I work in XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, and I hear a lot of bad stuff corning from patients that come from there, from the dirt and the food.
How fortunate I am to live in a community that has an excellent teaching facility like XXXXXX
HUGE improvement to wait time & changes to patient flo &/or nurse availability like one end of additional (it seemed) waiting rm had been recently modified with assess & tx rooms added & non severe emerg's directed there & accommodated very quickly - within 30 min. After registration & more severe emergs directed @ reg. end - of tx rms & assessed more quickly I noticed. I was highly impressed with changes to patient flo & separation of non-severe & severe & extra MD or nurse avail. to take me so quickly. Previous visits - (for self & friends) much longer but still was excellent care.
Hygiene - bedpans placed on food tray/take very little sterilization of table top orderlies is quick, efficient & willing.
I (unreadable) intubation & a ventilation for COVI❑-19 ad it was due to the excellent treatment XXX provided.
I actually enjoyed the food.
I always find the nurse assistants to be not very good, not caring, not listening, long and short. At night when not well I'm much concerned when an assistant comes in instead of a nurse when I call. XXXXXXXXX
I am 110% pleased with everyone, including the housekeeping staff, students, nurses, my surgical team, ER doctors and nurses and admissions staff at XXX. The level of care, compassion and medical attention I received, was second to none. The level of professionalism far exceeded my expectations and I wish to thank everyone sincerely.
I am a co-operative, polite & friendly patient. I am sure that made my hospital experience a positive one. I also found the food to be quite good - ones the HH description was removed.
I am a light sleeper and can't understand why night staff have to laugh and talk and move carts at that time of night They have staff rooms to communicate in. >00000000000(
I am a male person in my late XX's and this was my first overnight stay in a hospital - 5 days to be (unreadable) a truly new experience. However amid my wo ears I have had extended I was more than satisfied with ent hospital experience.
I am a very nervous person and the doctors & staff were wonderful to me. I can not say how much the doctors & staff were amazing and are to be proud of the care they give! XXXXXXXX)<X
I am a very nervous person and the staff were so good to me My operation was explained and they come + me done! I have nothing but good to say about the excellent care.
I am a XXXXX that has worked @ XXX, (unreadable) me a step - up with understanding the issues staff were great that day!!
I am a involved in The care I received was excellent and I will be collaborating with my surgeon in the future. Thank you for saving my life!!
I am afraid the triage section was a zoo with no way to know who was first (suggest a number system as one enters). After triage nurse one waited in a uncomfortable overfull room for many hours. No one knew when one might be called. Children running around with no toys or things to distract them. The staff are very obviously very shorthanded. After I was called to see a doctor and discussed my problems I feel the staff were great. I was asked to come back the next morning for more x-rays etc. and I was told this time I can say I have been through the tests required by each group and am now waiting for I have met the nicest specialists and young student doctors who were always respectful and informative. I am amazed that the emergency doctors set up all my tests and care with the different departments ... the only place that needs more organization is the entry point to triage nurses and more interim assistance until help is given. Some people were moaning and I do not know how priority care was given. One man collapsed and was cared for right away. I give XXXXXXXXX an 'A'
I am amazed at how much everyone does to make you feel that you're their only patient. Even being clearly short staffed, they were attentive to all my needs while hospitalized.
I am and the staff was great at settling my nerves and concerns.
I am aware there are volunteers, however being approached & told where to go first is calming for a patient/family especially in distress. I find the entrance & triage is close to which causes confusion as to where to turn Thank you
I am extremely grateful to all the staff I came into contact with and the staff I am in contact with for my treatment.
I am grateful to all medical staff for helping me feel better.
I am grateful to have had a good experience in Emerg. Thank you. P.S. The person in the next bed - did NOT
I am grateful to have XXXXXX near my home with good staff I have one concern ''the food food is most important when one is ill or well. This is my very real concern from a XX year old
I am his POA, so I have to do this for him, he is so glad to get his operation done There, this was a miracle in his life, he got free of pain. Thanks to Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX & nurses Thanks again for the good job Sorry if I didn't do well but I try to do the best I could
I am impressed by the nursing staff & doctors that helped me during my stay. All did a wonderful job.
I am in my XXth year and this was my first experience in a hospital. I was very impressed by the staff and the continuing - day in day out - attention and care. I have dealt with people all my professional life and I was very impressed. Thanks for this opportunity
I am not certain why the survey is covering only the past 6 months?? The emergency unit has been my ''go to" for the past 20 years for XXXXXXXX. I find this survey disturbing! It takes double time to go to emerg at XXX, and they have less time for you
I am not clear which of ay numerous recent stays at XXX is being enquired about in this questionnaire.
I am pleased to say the hospital/patient care has greatly improved.
I am quite deaf/hard of hearing I didn't wear my hearing aids part of the time and had a hard time hearing staff. Especially through face masks. It would be nice if face masks had see through parts so I could read lips My daughter often had to tell me what docs & nurses said to me & misheard them a lot
I am quite pleased in all ways during my stay and I would be quick to recommend XXX to anyone needing excellent care Thanks a lot for everything
I am retired XXX  Using one word excellence
I am satisfied with the way I was treated & cared for.
I am so fortunate to have a hospital staffed by compassionate professionals.
I am so grateful that Dr. is working at in XXXXXXXX so I didn't to travel to XXXXXXX to have the Dr XXXXXX is a very compassiona e, s filled surgeon who has the highest of standards of care for her patients and their family. Her communication is clear to her patients, the nurses and other medical staff. I felt so safe and is such qualified hands of all the XXX hospital staff. Thank you very much! >00000000000000000(
I am thankful for our emergency departments. Sometimes the wait seems a bit long.
I am thankful for our health care available here in
I am truly grateful for the efforts, skill, professionalism and most importantly for the care that was given to me - especially from the emergency & ICU staff.
I am typical Canadian; I complain about almost everything, how ever my stay in your facility was ''fantastic"
I am very appreciative of XXX, my doctors, nurses and staff that aided in my surgery and stay. Thank you!
I am very fortunate to have access to XXX. The emergency team provided excellent care. Thank you
I am very grateful for the care & concern for my care & feelings. Thanks again
I am very grateful for the way I was treated & also that I live in Canada! Thank you.
I am very grateful for the compassionate professional care I received at XXX & that I was referred to for rehab & had help from PT, CT & when I got home medical equipment
I am very grateful to be living in XXXXXXXX and to have access to fine care at XXX. My stay in XXX was generally a very positive one.
I am very impressed overall by XXXX They saved my life
I am very impressed with XXX have been long time patient of as XXX is on par with XXX in patient care nurses + interns and doctors + interns were fantastic. Check on us regularly and explained everything. Even the food was the best hospital food I've had. Thank you XXX for treating me and diagnosing me.
I am very pleased with how I was treated at the hospital.
I am very thankful that we have such a great hospital. Until this time at the XXX I didn't have any prescriptions and I'm XX yrs old. Now I will be on some for the rest of my life as I have which is completely under control.
I am very thankful to have received such wonderful care from Dr. XXXXXXX and all the hospital staff. Compassionate care at its very best.
I am very thankful to have such excellent health care available in
I am waiting for to see a lung specialist XXXXXX This is hard and I have had no reply. I had + would be nice to her as she is from my (unreadable) (excuse my writing).
I am XX years old had ------ had good family support
I am XX years old with serious mobility issues. My family stayed 24 hours a day during my stay, therefore, between them and the hospital staff, I had a very good care. As my stay was during the XXXXXXXXX season, the one service that was not available was physiotherapy I did not walk for 3 weeks. Fortunately when I sent to a rehab facility, I got back on my feet
I am XX years old. Don't expect too more. I have been anxious a nce age X se  me s raig njoyed the food.
I am XX yrs old and have had only 1 major operation at XXX and care in XXXX was as good as it was now. The meals are not better than a few years ago when everyone complained.
I am XX yrs old.
I am XX yrs young. imy age has considerable influence on my answers!
I and check ups done, findings explained somewhat, but no treatment. So, I determined I had a problem, but nothing was done to ease the problem. Kind of discouraging
I answer and all your q. to the best I could. This (unreadable)
I appreciate the fact that they allowed my family to stay with me and treated them very well. Thank you!
I appreciate the kindness & all the help from the nurses & doctors. The therapist was kind & very good at what he did. I'm very pleased for how I was treated Thank you
I appreciate the skill of Dr. XXXXXXXX or he gave unreadable)I J also the good after care I'm still recovery with various appointments
I appreciate the student nurse XXXXXX for her professional care in her training in her nursing career.
I appreciated getting help for my problem + living in a country where this can happen
I appreciated the care for my child, thank you'
I appreciated the medical care. Thank you.
I appreciated the phone call from the hematology nurse after I got home. It was very reassuring to me.
I appreciated the service you sent Thank you WOW
I arrived at 7:50 for 8:00 opening There needs to be a number system of some sort. A dozen people were waiting & people were trying to be polite about where they were in line & others were not!
I arrived at XXXXX I was asked what was wrong. l was put on a bed immediately + tests were started - IE ultrasound etc - followed by transfer to XXX + surgery.
I arrived in emergency at an especially busy time. Many, many people there already. This did not in any way have an impact on the care I received.
I arrived in significant pain from what turned out to be a XXX The nurse (XXXXXXXXXXX) put a blanket and gown on the bottom of my bed and left. This was roughly 3:30 a.m. She did not return and the next nurse came on at shift change (6:30 - 7:00 a.m.). I am a myself and know that nursing was supposed to check on me every hour. I had no medical attention or pain relief until I went out to the desk and asked if someone would please come and see me around 6:30 a.m. I would be interested to know what the case notes say about the first three hours of my visit as no one came to check on me or speak to me until shift change.
I arrived in the early morning XXXXX via ambulance. From the time that I entered the ❑ section of emergency I was treated with respect, concern and al professional yet empathetic care. Diagnosis of as swift and my admittance to Davies 5 was quite quick. Davies 5 was absolutely phenomenal experience. Each nurse or healthcare worker was completely informed of my case. Personally I feel every medical student doctor should observe how this group charts info. I have had experience advocating for elderly aunts. but I was in awe how this floor is managed. I especially appreciated the way in which nurses would sit with me during the night to ensure that my pain was being managed. Since I never took hydromorphone or any kind of medication. They really ed to me and worked with me to alleviate the maain. Again ed especially hard to get me discharg I I believe you are aware of complaints but I think you should be made aware when things work well. My stay was seamless from emerg to Davies 5
I assisted my mom with this survey and I spent much time with her in the hospital she is XX and many staff explained things thoroughly but did not ask if she could hear. Also, most people talked too quickly for her to comprehend she is polite and would nod her head but when they left she always asked what was said. The emergency room is horrid! I feel so badly for the staff my mom was on a bed closest to the doors where ambulances were coming and going all night we put our coats over mom to keep her from shivering! We were there all night! The staff were kind and polite but they were scarce! More beds & more staff required.
I attended b/c XXX The staff were extremely considerate of my circumstances and rushed me through so I could get back to my dad It was so very much appreciated
I attended the 111111  iii wifi an ear problem. Nurse who examined me used an audioscope (is that the name?) to look in my ear. Disposable piece that goes in the ear was not new (yuck!) Nurse was embarrassed. Suggest staff discard that disposable piece after each use
I became quite vigilant regarding nursing care, due to a couple of incidents involving nursing This was a very disturbing incident to me & overshadowed the wonderful care I had otherwise received. (I did not register a formal complaint as I am acutely aware of needing future hospitalization.)
I believe I was given care fast because I arrived in a ambulance, otherwise I would probably wait a long time to see anyone.
I believe my answers say it all. My experience went quite well. They made sure I was comfortable, along with meds for pain they supply warm blankets, offer snacks if hungry. I felt a lot better when I left.
I believe my care was quick, because there was only one person waiting in the waiting room as well as no one in triage past (family) care was not as quick I was happy with the care when my BP was low (wouldn't let me walk - needed a wheelchair)
I believe that there should have been a plan put in place to follow up with oncology before being sent back to the )0000000000000CXX. One follow up apbt I don't think is to much to ask given my diagnosis.
I believe that XXXXXXXXX has been reorganized. Its working!
I believe there should be some kind of at least phone follow up if the patient could stay sick over a long period of time. Food for thought.
I brought a piece of equipment into the hospital that was suggested by the dr (game ready) The nurses either knew how to use it or wanted to learn I was never made to feel that this extra work was an inconvenience to them. Thank God for nurses!!!
I brought an individual in to emergency via ambulance who has severe developmental and physical disabilities. I have been told to my face by a resident I can't remember who told me to my face ''they don't have any quality of life anyway" This is disgusting treatment for a human being Nurses were fantastic with the exception of one head nurse who said (while rolling her eyes at the ambulance attendant) ''why is he back here again''.
I called an ambulance which ended up costing me 524000 as the physician deemed it unnecessary I will probably never call an ambulance again. I think this is a ridiculous idea It took a large chunk out of my monthly budget
I came away loving XXX and would recommend it to anyone
I came in I IICU 8 days ventilator. Next week I am leaving Providence Care stronger than I have been in 2 years, I am XX Thank you for everything.
I came in to the hospital with an emergency & within an hour I was on the operating table. Great service.
I came to Canada at XX. I am now XX.
I came to hospital by ambulance. It only took 5 minutes to get me into a bed. 15 minutes later there was a doctor in accessing me. I appreciated not having to wait a long timel
I came to the hospital by ambulance because I was  completely disoriented due to having Therefore I do not remember anything that happened that night or the next day. - Due to COVID my husband could not come to the hospital, which we understood, but he did not receive any information from the hospital until the next day. We think he The doctors were wonderful and there were a couple of nurses who went over the top to be kind, supportive and informative. Other than the incidents mentioned above. I was happy with the care.
I can not speak for other patients but the nurses I dealt with were 100% perfect!!
I can only say I was treated very well by all staff. They were very good at making sure I got all my meds when I was supposed to get them.
I cannot say enough about the excellent level of professionalism, care, and compassion that was shown by the doctors, nurses, and many different techs during my stay. I entered day surgery with lots of anxiety about my major surgery and the doctors and nurses started immediately to ease my thoughts. What a great philosophy the hospital has taken and what a special team of people working there. A great job was done by all!!! I am positive that I would not have received better care nor had a better result anywhere else.
I can't answer questions 25 to 29, I arrived at the Emergency Dept by Ambulance, unconscious, and awoke in a bed in the hospital.
I can't answer questions about my admission as I was not conscious.
I can't remember it too well. Remember better. It was great.
I can't say enough about my care and XXX. Excellent I shared a room with a patient undergoing the same surgery. It helped to have someone to share symptoms, ideas and questions/fears with
I can't say enough about the excellent level of care I received during my stay and the professional manner in which it was performed
I can't say enough good things about the nurses
I can't thank my doctor, and nurses enough for taking such good care of me
I clidn s understand what was happening around me afte [The hospital staff were so patient and upbeat. Always friendly and willing to explain things different ways to me and my wife till one of us fully understood. Overall it was a very positive experience. Thank you.
I completely understand the need to triage, to give triage in life threatening or extreme distress, the priority. One small but important gesture would be to have 1 person - nurse, PCW particularly walk through the waiting are to if only to encourage, smile or acknowledge the wait of 3+ hours with no place/opportunity for a healthy snack. A time consuming act, yes, to smile or say thanks for waiting. But it would greatly reduce the stress of those waiting (an elderly woman & son) became increasingly agitated, & a smile gestor would have helped.
I consider urgent care at XXX to be one of the most valuable services to be developed in XXX in recent years
I could not have asked for better care and attention. The doctor who was in emergency explained everything to me so well, and immediately sent a follow up to my family doctor. I rate XXX Emergency Department extremely high! Asa matter of fact, I sent an email 'thank you for the staff in emergency after I came home. We are very lucky to have XXX for XXXXXXXX and surrounding area!
I could not have received any better care. They and God saved my life that y as I had suffered a widowmaker
I could not wait to get out of this hospital, the food was terrible. lost a pound a day.
I could see a need for improved task assignment and supervision especially at main nursing stations. particularly during night shifts.
I couldn't be been treated any better I was very pleased the way I was treated
I couldn't believe how smooth everything was. I also appreciate the fact that the number of visitors was limited due to COVID - 19 the evening were more restful.
I couldn't have asked for better care and I was there for a month So impressed with all staff - from surgeons to food services staff I feel lucky to have the health care given
I couldn't say any better everything was great
I definitely have no complaints about about my stay in XXXXXXX
I definitely noticed a (unreadable) improvement from when my late husband was a patient at the same hospital in XXXX. SO happy to be that recent changes have resulted in ultimate patient carelll
I did not answer the questions regarding CCU as I was not a patient in that unit during this hospital stay (or any other for that matter). I found it difficult to answer some questions and wished that N/A was available as an option i.e. the question around student nurses - I never had a student nurse so not sure how to answer that one (I cided yes over no)!
I did not fully understand/care when taken to emergency & admitted There was no contact with my wife to explain what was going on With covid, it was 3 days before she could come & find out what was happening so she could explain to me what was going on
I did not like having a man & a woman in the same room! Sometimes the odours in the room were over powering and I had to leave the room.
I did not need any medication or treatment.
I did not pay enough attention at discharge to my prescription paper. Doctor had missed a muscle relaxer that would have continued helping me a   a. e. That sucked! But my new
I did not receive an explanation for my condition. What happened? Was it due to dru interaction?
I did not recognize the meds nurse presented to me. She could not fill one of my prescription drugs. So we decided I would take my own meds. plus a new one.
I did not see a doctor after surgery and did not know when I could go back to work. I went the next week to family doctor and got my questions answered.
I did not see my surgeon on the day of my discharge
I did not see the doctor who discharged me so could not question his suggestion + Rx. I knew I needed to question those so had to call my family doctor to get her advice which was different.
I did not think the doctor/resident/student was very professional or sympathetic to my pain
I did wonder if doctor knew I was waiting in a room on a XXXXXXXX afternoon, when things seemed to be very quiet
I didn't appreciate being put in a room with a incapacitated elderly woman (no did she + told me so). The nurse at night was terrible (patients) + it seemed there was a protest by staff that was somewhat scary.
I didn't care for being in a room with a woman patient - even though it was for only an evening and night.
I didn't like being in the same room as men on C9
I didn't like being moved from one room to another - several times with Covid 19 it was hard on my one visitor to keep up to me & me to see her
I didn't like that my daughter in law couldn't come in and I was left to wait four hours on a stretcher in hallway for patient transfer home Wasn't fun at all.
I didn't like that the follow up was only available with one particular physician that I didn't have a good rapport with - felt he is dismissive of women's complaints
I didn't like the idea of an inmate being held in a room a couple of doors away. Especially since we had an incident here with in the past year. Also I don't care for the co ed room sharing. Night time staff could be a little more quiet in the hallways!
I didn't think it was necessary to be cleaning the unit beside me at 10:30 PM I was post op from the morning & found this very disturbing. No one bothered to empty or take note of amt of urine that was being collected in bathroom.
I do not believe nursing staff are attentive enough. Especially when heart patients are monitored only mostly by equipment not human contact Needs fixing now
I do not feel I was ready for discharge or received the help I needed. I have (unreadable) I entered XXXXXX & XXXXXXXXXXXX secure unit LTC ont he XX. I feel X).0( either missed or overlooked the support I needed the XXXXXXXX although I recd overall excellent care
I do not feel that Question #45 is necessary!
I do not have a family dr (retired); I use the ER to help XXX This day I had a good experience, some I don't. I go in for a XXX
I do not like the cold. The AC for my whole stay was very cold
I do not plan to return but if I did I would feel confident regarding my care.
I don't actually recall seeing doctors post op. I was shocked that I was the only orthopedic patient in my quad room There was a great deal of yelling in my room between the other patients.
I don't like XXXXXX in the ICU was not (unreadable) with her. She was a bitch.
I don't remember my first couple of days but later I couldn't have asked for a better staff of nurses and doctors. They were awesome. Thank you
I don't think I can say enough Everyone worked as a team Attention of all was great or I wouldn't be here Seriously all involved were there and kept up with my recovery.
I don't think my sheets were ever changed when I got to the ward. - I had to climb over patient's legs (male) (unreadable) into the washroom - Hospital food is not good for your health & too much plastic - I did not like being in a men and women's ward - added to my stress
I don't think there is anything that could be done to make it any better Job well done
I enjoyed my stay completely The food was excellent. I could have lived there.
I even found the meals very good + well presented!
I even had calls from doctors after I was home as check ups!
I experienced a sudden unexpected medical emergency + was transferred from my local hospital to XXX. I recd professional, competent and personal care with a big dose of kindness from every person I encountered at XXX Thank you
I feel as a XXXXXXXXXXX I am very fortunate to live in a city within close proximity, to have such wonderful health care + hospitals My surgeon + specialist Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX is absolutely outstanding. has a wonderful support with her patients
I feel I had excellent care from doctors, nurses, and people that brought the meals in, and taking the orders of the food I could eat. A very good stay indeed. I also had a test in my wrist with a wire going to my heart went well. Thank you all for my care!
I feel I should of stayed longer because I still have infection + have had 3 (un -,.able] antibiotics since coming home - XXX
I feel I waited too long between tests - Sometimes 1/2 hr or more eg blood work, (unreadable) chest xray.
I feel I was admitted very quickly and taken care of quickly and well. All the nurses and doctors were very nice to me and if the person don't know a solution they found someone that did. Thank you so much!
I feel I was treated with much respect and care. XXX is a great hospital who treats EVERYBODY with so much help. We are very lucky to have this great hospital Thank you!
I feel it was wrong for emerg dept to take me off of gurney & put in wheel chair & placed in waiting room -r 4 hrs when I came o hospital while should have been seen by med staff first=
I feel my head injury had laceration should have been triaged sooner (<2 hr)
I feel that #51 should not be asked on questionnaire
I feel that because of my heart and it never got back to t it was for last 10 years (I have
I feel that before admission that it should be arranged as to a patients coverage. After surgery I was placed in a room with 3 other patients. I have semi-private coverage so I feel there was some sort of mix up as in the past I have been put in room for 2 patients. XXXXXXXXXXXX
I feel that doctor & health workers should have a course in mental health because there is a stigma rds mental health's know from y  u u liason between patients & staff to help people who are waiting to be taken into the room, sometimes we have to wait 2-3 hrs to be seen, I think that you should have someone take your blood & urine sample when you find out and send them to the lab so they are done & the doctors know what is wrong.
I feel that I was looked after very well and I'm thankful for our Medicare system. Our tax dollars at work...
I feel that the care that I got at XXX was excellent. All the staff were caring, competent and professional.
I feel that the waiting area to see the triage nurse could be better organized. There was no clear line-up or take a number system. I came in and sat down and waited a bit. The triage nurse called next but it wasn't at all clear to me who I'd be behind. I started talking to the people waiting and we all worked out in what order we'd arrived. People seemed relieved that someone had brought it up. And as new people came in we let them know who'd arrived just ahead of them. Everyone was patient and respectful, but I could see that the lack of organization at this stage could be a source of stress and or conflict among some people. Definitely an area for improvement.
I feel that there should be some sort of curfew at night when sharing a room (lights, sound level). Many sleepless nights due to roommates. Lack of communication with changeover of nurses was very frustrating. Rare sightings of the team of Doctor's was frustrating, but understandable. Overall I trusted and appreciated the team, but wish things would have been explained better or in note form, as my memory and ability to absorb the info was not at its peak during my hospital stay.
I feel that you need more staff for cleaning care. nurses. My bed was not made in four days. Your food delivery & removal could do with an upgrade.
I feel the Emergency Dept was rather insensitive to my needs. Not to eager to always help. THat I was just a number. I ended up in Emerge 3 different times by ambulance. Found nurses very smug. This area sucked! My 4 weeks inpatient in hospital was however, very good. Received excellent care and I was seriously ill.
I feel the overall cleanliness could be improved. X(
I feel there should be a limit of people that can go in the emergency waiting room with same unit that is there for care. (unreadable) everything I have been there for myself or taking someone else. There is always at group of people's that brings their other family with them
I feel very fortunate to have XXX and its staff providing for my care. It is evident that its status as a "teaching" hospital adds significantly to its capability and its care
I felt all they did was deal with my pain & vomiting did not figure out why I had such pain. My previous (3 wks earlier) visit they were amazing and did tests and admitted me very quickly.
I felt as if I was just a number to most of the staff. PCA's eyes rolled when I needed help in the bathroom. I was left to sit in a chair as my bed was soiled and was told someone else would clean it up. Approximately 2 hrs later the day nurse came and changed my bed. I asked to have a shower with assistance and was told later. Later never came. Sponge baths were rare at best.
I felt bad for coming in but the staff at XXX are awesome and completely understood my concerns and helped put my "mind at ease.' And as a single parent this helps a lot!
I felt like I was at home most of the time. Everyone was so nice.
I felt like I was in the hospital a long time - trying to find out what was wrong. I still don't feel I have a decisive answer. I thought the cleaning of the room could definitely have been better, and more frequent... The linens looked to be very warm but I had trouble trying to get hot water in the sink
I felt like medication was forced upon me even when I said my pain was manageable. I said I have bad reactions to morphine - nothing else was offered plus large doses of + he also had a horrible experience The bed was horribly designed + so uncomfortable. This hospital stay was actually traumatic I have spoken with people who came out of the hospital after having morphine forced on them + one was a teenager who had surgery + she became addicted Another was an adult woman who was @ XXX for surgery + a lengthy stay + it took her six months after discharge to get off the drugs because she became dependant.
I felt like my pain was an imposition on this doctor I felt like I was wasting his time, so I left without him knowing the This was the only bad experience I have ever had at any of our local hospitals
I felt neglected by the nurses I don't know if I even had a nurse assigned to me as I never saw one. I had no supplies to wash myself. brush my teeth etc. It was the WORST experience of my XX yrs The food was sent back as well as it was not pealing in any way! If my daughter Thank goodness for my family! This hospital sucks!!!
I felt staff was very thoughtful, caring, & treated me with respect and the best of care.
I felt that after house cleaning could have been done more quietly + more thoroughly. Floors + bathroom could have had more complete cleaning - though difficult, I'm sure.
I felt that I had to many blood tests. Spent to long in emergency before being sent to a regular room.
I felt that I was treated with the utmost care the nurses staff and doctor were very professional and I was very pleased with my experience.
I felt that patient in other bed would get attention before myself. She was friends with some of nursing staff.
I felt that the nurses and doctors were not at all working as a team. The reason obviously because of being short staffed. The nurses tried to meet the needs of the patience but were very stressed trying to accomplish this. The majority of the nurses were conscientious and very attentive; as attentive as they could be for the time that they had with each patient. Unfortunately a few of the nurses were obviously overworked and took it out on the patients. Doctors were not very clear in their explanation of medical terms, expecting the patient to figure it out on their own. XXX needs to get more nurses and more beds. Less money going to XXXXXX might help. Also there is an extreme need to provide adequate parking for patients and staff; a need that is decades overdue. Again, XXXXXX needs to be less of the priority and patients and family should come first.
I felt that when IV machines were ringing they were not answered quickly enough by nursing staff. My room was right by the nursing station and the nurses would be laughing and talking and the IV machine would continue to ring without anyone making a move to see what the problem was  I know only certain nurses can fix the problem but if I was assured by another staff member that a nurse would be with me shortly then I would not feel as I am being ignored or that I am an inconvenience. Perception is key as is teamwork.
I felt the emergency department at XXXXXXXXXXXXX was run very efficiently, particularly in light of COVID restrictions The physician I saw, Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX was excellent. He explained issues clearly, showed compassion and gave helpful advice
I felt the resident treated me with contempt once he realized I did not agree with his treatment plan Felt pressured to go along just to be able to leave
I felt they should have sent bandaids home with me
I felt very well cared for. I had a great deal of pain new and stronger antibiotic was prescribed and was ultimately useful.
I felt well cared for during my stay, staff acted in a caring and professional manner at all times XX
I felt well taken care of
I felt well taken care of at XXX very positive experience
I felt well treated during the 11 days I spent in the hospital. Generally the staff were professional & polite. The food was very acceptable even though my appetite was not great.
I felt well treated.
I find the 'Triage' area very open with zero privacy and do not like it. Everyone and anyone can hear your problems/concerns which are the reasons why you consult a medical institution. The past few times I've visited XXXXXXXXXX, I felt like I was interrupting the nurse at triage. She was very rude and made me feel not welcome and judged. I do not have occurred. Other then that , most staff are amazing at what they do. Very empathetic towards patients. It is not an easy job and yet they are great at it. Thank you for all the help. I am forever thankful.
I found all staff were respectful, courteous, well trained & extremely helpful.
I found it difficult giving Rx info to doctors repetitively. Not sure why they did not consult my chart? We had correct info in Emerg. Dept. & any (unreadable) sent home with belongings. Would have liked to know pros & cons of surgery vs no surgery more.
I found it disturbing to be in the emergency room, with several apparent drug overdose patients, being moved into the hallway to accommodate them.
I found it great, this was only my second time in emerg in my past XX years. Thank you. This was a sore back, I was afraid it was my kidneys - as why I was there. Simply a great doctor I had.
I found it very cool. I asked my doctor (the nearest person at the food of my bed) for an warm blanket He said "I will see what I can do" I was back in a minute at a warm blanket. (I had an IV in my arm) I thought this was very thoughtful that he (Dr. XXXXXX) took a minute to be compassionate Thanks to all the XXX
I found rest the mos difficult even with a private room - too much activity - tests, corridor activity - continuous sleep pattern almost impossible
I found that having a single room at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX very lonely and the food was never hot enough.
I found the beds were very uncomfortable. But nurses tried to make me as comfortable as possible.
I found the care provided by nurses was inconsistent, some nurses were nothing but excellent, some were going through very basic actions.
I found the care to be excellent in I was kept informed of my condition and how I could help myself. Thank you XXX.
I found the constant change of nurses confusing. It was impossible to develop a rapport with anyone. Its a bit impersonal.
I found the doctor & nurses handled my care very professional and very compassionate. Been admitted to the hospital many times but this was far the best stay I have had.
I found the doctors and nurses to be very professional and very good at what they do I was treated very well. I have never had surgery before so for the first time, I had a good experience. Thank you urses for looking after me. I feel uch better now since N   am glad that I stay in room XXX of Kidd G where the nurses were fabulous! XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I found the emergency bed mattress very uncomfortable after laying on one for sixteen hours after my operation the room bed was much better
I found the emergency floor & bathroom very dirty.
I found the food that was served to me to be far below expectations. )0000(
I found the out of country residents could be more sympathetic and listen more intently to what I said about my concerns. I was vomiting for two days and when they came in to see me at the morning rounds I would inform them they were polite and would smile and nod and leave. Also my hospital stay summary did not reflect my hospital stay. It said it was uneventful. To me being ill for two days was far from uneventful.
I found the patient support workers extremely helpful and kind
I found the print out given to me at discharge to be useful. ''I'm pleased that XXX is a teaching hospital.
I found the registration process distressing Both the wait for registering and the wait between registration and being seen by an emergency doctor were a source of stress. Once in the emergency and particularly the cardiac ward I felt well cared for
I found the staff very polite and helpful. They were there when you needed The food was delicious and I liked how they came in and asked what you would like
I found the teaching instructions a bit pushy when bringing the nursing students in to change my dressing It felt rushed They did not take time to explain to me what as happening.
I found the team; nurses, doctors, the people who brung the food, help with washing, cleaners and anyone who I may have forgotten very professional, easy to get along with, just a great well - run all around experience. Thank you. PS My first night was in a private room my 2nd was in a semi private I did not realize I was on a Covid - 19 floor, and that should have been in a standard At the time I was tested and was negative at that time It remains a quiet, happy memory.
I found the time spent in the emergency waiting room was interminable but understandable. Mothers with ill babies should have a separate room to wait.
I found the whole team to be very accommodating to my needs, both mental and physical, from the time I entered the hospital until the time I left, they were very good to me. Thank you
I gained a new appreciation for doctors & nurses & the people even who clean our rooms Kindness, thoughtfulness, pleasantness, tolerance and friendliness
I give XXX an A. I have seen many improvements over the years! Need more PSW's. Higher pay beyond minimum wage. S20 for beginners.
I got well and I'm thankful for all the help XXX doctors + nurses
I greatly appreciated everything done for me.
I guess I could have marked "excellent" on some of these but nobody is perfect.
I had  Post op I had to share a room with newborns and had a difficult times getting proper rest. For future patients it would be nice to be paired with a similar situation.
I had 2 stays - one month apart This survey is based on the second stay The first one was not as positive!
I had a  I cannot say enough about Dr. XXXX and the staff working with him. They were wonderful.
I had a bad experience with the last nurse I had as she did not keep up with pain coeds. Level of education is not relevant to this survey.
I had a comfortable stay. Professional care from the staff. All my new medications were very clearly explained to my wife + I. I thank every. XX for helping me to survive. I had I XXXXXXXXXXXX
I had a corrective procedure but was not "sick." I found the temperature of the air in my room surprisingly cool - to the point of being a bit uncomfortable.
I had a good visit to your hospital, the time I was there.
I had a great nurse during the day. Little disappointed my coverage which is semi private. I was in 4 ward, which I received no sleep second night.
I had a Is/Vas pretty scared but the people on that floor couldn't have made me feel safer
I had a major operation on XXXXXXXXXXXXX hospital stay was for 3 weeks waiting for a bed to start to drink since the XXX still no bed this is the XXXX not happy now!
I had a problem breathing and was left sitting in waiting room for 6 hours. I asked to get in sooner but they didn't seem to care My doctor phoned ahead and gave me a letter to give to them but it didn't seem to matter
I had a professional etc with excellent staff + medical personal
I had a scalp laceration. A young lady, a medical student, under the supervision of a young gentleman, who I believe was a resident physician, sutured the laceration. Both were very good!
I had a trivial problem at my XXXXXXXXXX reception and they directed me to XXX. The dear doctor examined both and directed the nurse XXX Thank you.
I had a very good visit to the hospital Doctors fix my issues best they could. Extremely happy I was given such caring care. Thank you all so very much. Cardiac pacemaker medical staff were very compassionate and caring. Emergency staff were very professional.
I had a very long wait to get a room, from recovery room (8 hrs).
I had a very pleasant stay and was always treated with kindness. Very happy with the outcome of my surgery.
I had a very positive visit to the emergency department for myself also two visits in the same time frame with my elderly parent. We were treated very well. Thankful Canadian!
I had a XXX and only seen & admitted after my husband passed the nurses station for attention.
I had a XXXXXXXXXX and the reason for this visit is I XXX so I was very nervous. I arrived at ER 1230ish, and it was about XXX I felt like we had done something
I had all went well amazed how helpful & courtesy I was treated. Thank you.
I had an excellent experience with all staff Must say food service was excellent
I had an excellent visit!
I had an extremely high BP -- ~ or so -- was told to sit in waiting room. I sat 8 hrs with no RN - - was sent home.
I had an outstanding service all the time, during all stages which includes: Triage checkout, going through examinations (ultrasound, x- ray, CT scan, etc), admission, regular follow-up during my stay (3 days); medications and finally discharge. Thank you all very much!
I had at home 911 called + ambulance took me to emerg until cardiologist arrived then transferred to OR for 1 II was partially unconscious in emerg + OR + not fully aware of procedures.
I had COVID 19 + the first patient at times there seemed confusion due to COVID rules it took 6 hours to find a way to get me home on discharge as no protocol in place. Very stressful.
I had emergency surgery to as given food after, that sn't what someone 'should get. I was also not told wha s mptoms I should ect for the first few day
I had excellent care Nothing but praise The care I received (unreadable) but from dedicated dr. + nurses + ambulance attendants.
I had excellent care The food menu not the best I have ever seen in a hospital
I had excellent care the whole time I was in the hospital. The nurses and doctors were outstanding and as busy as they are, each and every one showed that they actually cared about me and my health
I had excellent, fast, comprehensive treatment on this visit and there is nothing more I could have asked for
I had fallen a couple of days before my visit and started seeing lights around my eyes and was afraid of a concussion. If my eye doctor had told me the year before I had a cataract growing on that eye I wouldn't have been concerned. I'd already had cataracts removed.
I had good care (unreadable) was very busy still was good.
I had good care. Pleased with all staff. Sheets + gown could of been changed more often.
I had great treatment My dr was excellent Nurses were wonderful
I had I my hospital stay was excellent.
I had knee replacement.
I had knee surgery last year and again this year you can tell the cute are having an affect better care last year. Staff this year tried their best but you can tell under stress.
I had no issues once I was admitted to the hospital in emergency room was ut in room soon after arrival but was seen by ctors before they fin istened to me. I ha ues lone   w a  i was   Ina y a  er tests and 12 hours was admitted and given pain coeds.
I had one male nurse he dropped some of my medications on the floor and at times seemed not trustworthy, although he was mostly polite and quite a bit courteous in front of other staff. He did not do a good job of explaining meds as I was preparing to leave.
I had one negative experience with a staff member I had it resolved
I had one nurse that was very rude when I asked a question. Her response was very rude & dismissive to words myself & my daughter. Otherwise all of the staff I met were kind & responsive
I had one nurse who was flippant & very rough in what she did even though I was in great pain. Other healthcare practitioners were wonderful & caring!
I had overexercised during a team and a clever doctor to get it. Note. I am XX!
I had poor response from only one day nurse my first 2 days one time an hour to answer bell then I was told not to ring bell as they were in a meeting She never did ask why I had ring the bell! No air conditioning in room very hot weather 30 degrees celsius When leaving hospital it took over an hour to get a wheelchair person to take me to my waiting wife
I had semi or private coverage but was put in a ward with 3 people One person was receiving special treatment which decreased our attention. Had to wait a lot longer for service. One night when I asked a person to check on some noise I could hear - was told I was just hearing things - go to sleep!" Not enough staff to go get you to the bathroom on time but then you were berated because you didn't let them know! Tested for COVID 19 5 - times in one stay - too much!!!
I had some apprehension about but my care and experience were superb The nurses who cared for me during the day were very and XXXXXX were the very best nurses I've ever had - caring and kind even when busy My physical therapists XXXXXX and understanding and helpful when
I had the best nurses one would ever want.
I had the opportunity for early release + I took it I felt safer with my wife looking after me than I did the nurses. Dr. 10 rate Nurses 0 rate
I had the roommate from 'hell!'
I had to answer "Don't know.' to question 41, but I was not given any medication or treatment, so this question is not applicable to my case.
I had to go back two days after my original visit for antibiotic injection. I wished that I didn't have to go through triage and wait. I think it would be possible to quicken the repeat visits up.
I had to refuse to sign the authorization for the second surgery to get dr assistant to speak to my daughter on phone to explain reason for the second surgery Sorry for writing
I had to select 1 family member to visit on a per week because of COVID.
I had to stay in emerg an extra 24 hrs because there was no room in ICU
I had to stay in OR recovery room for two nights after my operation there was no rooms available. 3rd night put in room finally then around 8:00pm they wanted to move me to another room. I said no I had enough moving around so they left me there. All in all it wasn't a bad stay I survived & am home now healing nicely.
I had to wait four days for surgery NPO had IV. Bathroom should have been cleaner.
I had to wait too long to see dr + get results 7 hrs.
I had to walk from the stretcher to my bed. I was just down from the P.A.R. My room was not ready for me, the patient was still in the bed Why??
I had very complicated issue, bleeding, hard to be on top of it. Nurses very busy but I feel I was treated best they could.
I had very good care Everyone was very nice
I had very good care The nursing & male nursing staff were excellent. Jr staff were also very good overall had very good care Thank you
I had wonderful doctors & nurses who took very well care of me and I want to thank them very much. They were always there for me when I was quite scared So thank you all who looked after me
I hadI !and I found the experience excellent and was extremely impressed with the way from the surgeon down through all others coordinated to cover my operation, stay and recovery
I have a lengthy experience of various hospital visits & stays since I was XX yrs of age (now XX yrs) and consider XXX to be one of the best or/if not the best, except admitting at Emergency Dept Too long waiting to be checked out
I have a lot of respect for our medical team. We have one of the best medical systems in the world. So very lucky
I have a PICC line and the home care nurse said I need to go to Emergency because my PICC line was blocked and needed medication to clear the line. At HOA, they did need to put medication into the PICC lines to clear it then it was fine.
I have always found, no matter how busy the nurses and doctors are, they are very kind and upbeat. I have XXX but I know how to care for myself now Thank you
I have always had great experiences at XXX emerg - admission + long term stays. The nurses are amazing and always compassionate I do not like the shared gender rooms. Men with men + women with women
I have always received excellent care with the nurses and doctors
I have been a patient in XXX a number of times and this was the best experience + care to date.
I have been going to XXX for a while now Haven't issues till recently Thanks )000000000(
I have been in and out of hospital for the last 2 years I have no issue with the dr. or nursing care it was great. The only thing was the food and the TV it cost $85 a week That is outrageous Please if you could do something about it it was sad when we walk the halls and you see people who could not get out of bed Just looking at the walls Thanks
I have been in hospital several times during the last 6-8 years and have always been im ed with the nursing staff!
I have been there a number of times I appreciate the warm concern the nurses bring. My blood pressure goes way up when the pain is severe.
I have certainly seen & experience a higher level of "service" @ both emergency room & general hospital visits over last year or so Thank you!
I have diabetes and take insulin. The meals I was served were not really what I would consider diabetic Too much corn, white rice. raisin bran cereal. etc. My wife took over bringing healthy food to eat. Once I was at XXX she didn't bother bring food, as their meal was decent & healthy!
I have diabetes and the meals were not quite suitable for me.
I have filled this form to the best of edge for Mr. XXXXXXXXX is stay was for and is now in long term care. >00000000000000000<
I have filled this out as the parent who took my X yo child for the visit and aside from the education question the answers reflect his visit and experience. It was his first ER visit and it went great!
I have found XXX to be very helpful & professional & compassionate with very few exceptions. Thank you >0(
I have frequently been in XXX (unreadable) considering the hospital's financial constraints, I am very happy to be a patient @ XXX is not perfect: but it tries and listened. (xx)
I have had a number of visits to Urgent Care for treatment of comments are on a number of visit for the same care I am now living on X where I get good nurse care.
I have had many stays in other hospitals and XXX is by far the worst hospital I've had to stay in. If I had another option I would go there instead!
I have had numerous visits to this hospital and have always been satisfied with the care and professionalism of all staff.
I have had some experience in other hospitals with the care of my parents and I believe the nurses and physicians in XXX Emergency Department are wonderful.
I have learned to speak English, but I am not perfect in it. This was mi time in the hospital for a operation. I had' 1 Al lis well. Mrs.
I have looked at the notes of my visit and my doctor added that I left because I asked him question on my way out the door because communication was poor My main nurse was fine! But his others showed me disrespect. I did call patient relations and have not got response yet
I have never felt so loved and cared for by such kind and gentle people Thank so much. )00000000(X
I have no complaints
I have no complaints about my hospital stay.
I have no complaints about XXX. The nurse are exceptional considering what they have do work with. Well done!
I have no complaints above my hospital stay, but the health teams recommendation for after discharge have not been completed, they were to be arranged by the health team.
I have no complaints regarding my treatment at XXXXXXXXXXXXX The way the nurses and staff treated me kept me calm. cool + collected )00000IXXXX
I have no complaints!
I have no doctor and emergency care is the only way I can get help when I am hurt or sick
I have noted about gown. They were 3 patients 1 lady very ill myself with severe pain & 1 man who while talking to his friend best said it was his 1st trip to emergency this year. It was XXXXXX I was given consistent care & attention, was given prescription when he left, told the nurse if it wasn't for he was not using it diagnosed with a stiff neck "I know this as he was very loud seemed to want everyone to know his business
I have noticed the seeming absence of bilingual (French + English) staff in keeping with the country + official languages act. An indication of the availability of French + English might be posted on the ER.
I have only been to ER twice and both times took a seat to wait my turn at triage. I would like to ask a staff mbr come out and ask everyone waiting what the problem is so they consider importance of the emergency if at had a heart attack and was 4th in line
I have received good care in the hospital, and I have been well treated for the symptoms I presented for I don't feel that enough has been done to understand and treat the causes.
I have spent a number of hours in an ER I have had excellent care from both the doctors & nurses - even though they are overworked and understaffed. If any complaint sometimes some parts of the ER could be cleaner X>0000000(XXXXXXXXXX
I have the upmost respect for XXX thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I have to say, I'm not (unreadable) of some detail of my visit to the emergency dept at XXXXXXXXXXX
I have unfortunately been to ER @ both )00( and XXX several times due to a reoccurring health problem. I require surgery for this problem and am on a wait list - The worst part part of the hospital experience for me was dealing with the triage nurse at XXX. She was very condescending and rude As an employee of XXXX I find this very disheartening Triage is often the first interaction a patient has with the hospital and I'm sure that having a burnt out nurse with no people skills assisting patients in ER does nothing to improve XXX's reputation!! I also feel that the question "did you go to your family dr first with this problem?" should NOT be asked!! I think the campaign to educate the public about options to ER have been pretty comprehensive to continue to slam sick people over the head by interrogating them in triage is unconscionable.
I have had a very positive experience each time and have nothing less than the highest praise for Doctors, Nurses and Staff in each case.
I helped my husband fill out this form He  has He was hospitalized because spent 4-5 hr daily with him and was very impressed by the nurses, doctors and especially the not yet doctors. Keep up the good work Much improved
I hope all patients have the excellent care I'd have in the XXX and all are as lucky as I'd been to make it home much better than I went in. Thanks.
I hope you will seriously consider my notes on my recent experience in hospital care. Please read them carefully. Experiences Survey I have completed the attached survey as best I can. However in order to tell about my real experiences in the hospital on XXXXXXXXX of XXX I must enclose the following remarks. I experienced some good care while I was there which I have attempted to indicate int he survey yet I feel that the questions do not reflect the genuine overall experiences. Some of the questions are more subjective than objective and do not reach the heart of the problems. The care by the Doctor and Team was most excellent and I was given good information on what was happening and what I could expect for the most part. Also the physio team were most helpful and encouraging, the meals were on time and sufficient and well served. As well the person responsible every morning for a thorough cleaning of the room was efficient, careful and cheerful. My meds and pain management in hospital was excellent. I perceived a sense of hurry and almost frenzy among the nursing staff to get things done while most seemed to be run off their feet. I, an elderly woman, occupied the fourth bed in a ward with one small bathroom I shared with three men. The staff, nurses and assistants were both male and female and it was difficult to discern who were the nurses and who were not. This led to some delays when a nurse was required for some requests. There was very little, if any, consideration given to personal privacy including physical and verbal. This included using and getting to the bathroom, and getting a shower. The one shower I did get was give me by a male worker (nurse? I don't know, who could tell? I was not given any choice. The ward was extremely noisy all day and night, and sleep was not come by easily. Bedlam is the word that comes to mind when recalling this experience. I was not given much choice of when I was going home and was assured that I would have the help I needed. However, when it came to getting home I was left to my own devices and ended up taking a taxi at the front entrance of he Hospital after arranging to be met understand that my family doctor had been kept up to date on all of this, when he was completely unaware of what had gone on. I gave him my patient's copy to inform him and his office of my status and condition. I fear communication between those assisting me at home and my family doctor is still non existent and creating problems. The nursing help I have been given at home has been A - one, as has the physic and The Assistant workers, for which I am grateful. However this lack of communication is still causing problems with the
I I Staff - ambulance attend. emergency department worked so hard and fast that is why I'm alive today Thank you great staff at XXX
I imaged you have many complaints about the food - well add my name also. I found it to be very very poor. Remember good food promotes good health. This is not being done. Check out the amount that is disposed each day. No one will eat it not even your staff.
I just found out so my doctor phoned & sent me to emerg. Nobody knew why I was there I just went home.
I just thought that ? 51 was very personal. For I am not prejudice
I just wanted to take a quick moment to mention that ALL of the staff on KIDD 6 were excellent. The RPN's, PCA's, and the students all treated me with respect and dignity and I was pleased and thankful for the level of care that I was given. The only issues that I had were: one nurse in the ER who was not able to find a vein for my IV line (he actually made 3 attempts and I was under the understanding that after 2 they are supposed to find someone else) and the lack of cleanliness in the ER itself and in my room was I was in one. I was actually shocked at the state of filth in the bathroom and shower. One would think that the level of cleanliness would be to a much higher standard in the hospital. In any case, I'm sure my complaining about it won't make any difference, but I just wanted to bring this matter to someone's attention. Thank you.
I just would like to thank all the doctors nurses + staff for helping me so much. Thanks
I keep telling all the staff (docs, nurses, cleaner, students, residents) that they were all OUTSTANDING. I only had one bad experience A physical therapist came 2 days after surgery and treated me like a PIG, be impolite (I am XX yo) and giving a direct order like get up (answer I can't) and repeat I will get you and (unreadable) I never wanted to see her again She did that 2 days ■. 11 rack and keep ting me like a PI After that a big gentleman came with his assistant and they were GREAT. The first physical therapist was really young and she needs to get courses on "human interactions" Overall, I cannot find strong enough words to express my gratitude to everyone To Dr. XXXXXX and Dr. XXXXX, their residents team ■21►■  I I LA • IA- Beaucoup (if spelling mistake note that I'm Francophone)
I know the doctors are busy so maybe the hospital could come up with a better system for discharging patients.
I know this is a cliche. but the food was very poorly prepared. I realize that I was being treated for pain and my appetite was poor, but most of the prepared meals were almost inedible. Thanks.
I landed via ambulance - as my condition is still unknown and I have had 6 recent trips to the ER, it is very frustrating. It takes way too long for a doctor to come in to see you especially hen you are in so much pain as I was. Very frustrating and continues to be. As far as sleeping in an emerg area - it is impossible. Most times, I was in a hallway so sleep wasn't to be had.
I left without being seen by a doctor I waited three hours & decided to leave when I was told it would be another 2-3 hours before I would be seen by a doctor.
I let after 3 1/2 hrs - waited 5 hrs. in emergency before being seen - hospitalized 3 days It is not getting better.
I liked that the hospital uses PS1/1/ for some care as in helping with getting up and going to the bathroom cause with doing so it frees up nursing and allows nursing to respond to patient with more important needs.
I liked the friendly, good- humoured attitude of the surgical. I had no major apprehensions before surgery, and the surgical team reinforced my relative calmness.
I lost my family doctor 9 months ago as he moved to )000(XXX. I was referred to the cardiology department. To my relief (after two months) I was called. The improvements. On this visit, it was not the norm as I walked in to the waiting room (after triage) and there was no one there. TI-le doctor and nurses that I saw were all very professional and helpful.
I loved everything about my stay in XXX wonderful ''wonderful" hospital the best care ever. And XXXXXXXXXX is the best ever to I speak from my heart thank you all XXXX
I meet some very nice people! Thank you
I moved rooms on day 2 at my wife's request due to the -'- ------------ of my roommate. Upon arrival at 10AM on discharge day prepared me to go as no AM care had been done.
I much prefer the emergency department of over
I must mention that I was admitted and was in a semi private room with another security needs to better watch for these things. I was not feeling well the first day after my surgery so I just let it go, but the next day we did complain to the nurses so they did call security. It makes for a very uncomfortable hospital stay not knowing when she would just walk into the room at all hours of the night, and was also using our bathroom.
I needed physiotherapy and couldn't get it. Orthopedics never came to talk to me about my fracture. The nurses were very nice.
I needed rj 'during the covid pandemic. I couldn't have my family or friends with me and I was scared about the surgery. The nurses were so amazing and held my hands & wiped my tears until I went under for surgery. I couldn't have asked for better care from them.
I needed stitches. I would need a dry dressing at home. I went to and nurse changed dressing and arranged home nurse care. It was than what the dr said was needed!
I needed to have a new procedure which would involve our local XXXX Had there been advanced coordination between the hospital & the XXXX I would not have had to be admitted
I never complain about waiting cause there is always someone worst off than me.
I never go to hospitals, I have no need to. I am very pleased with my outcome and the care I received from the staff. The surgery went well, the people involved were very cheery which made me more at ease and very related.
I never got a room just three different emergency rooms finally the last one had beds instead of stretcher
I never knew who was going to do the operation. Always a intern. Never the same one twice. This was sometimes scary.
I never meet a nicer more caring bunch of people!
I never saw the attending physician during my entire stay at the hospital. They only sent students and interns to visit me, discussing my treatment. I found that it is really odd. Some of the nurses at K10 of XXX do a really poor job in taking care of patients at nights, and especially on weekends. Frequent and urgent bell calls were often ignored from a critically ill patient in the same room with me because be was too noisy'. Some of the nurses seemed completely lack of the sense of responsibility and compassion to patients. There seems also no supervisors overseeing that the nurses were doing their jobs properly.
I notice you don't mention the food - just as well.
I noticed dogs in the hospital and wondered about their health risk to patients from germs they might be carrying.
I only visited for a XXX Quite minor - too late for stitches.
I only was in the hospital overnight for observation.
I only was seen by a nurse practioner who was all I really needed. She did go and confer with a doctor whilst I waited.
I only went there because )0000(XXXXX wanted me to - it would have been simpler if they just gave me a different, stronger antibiotic - I really felt I wasted emergency resources - guess they can't trust a person to self diagnose but in the end - that was all I needed!
I personally loved all the staff. They made my stay much more pleasant.
I presented at emerg on XXXXXXX and was scheduled for an ultrasound on XXXXXXX. I found it inefficient that once I had the ultrasound completed (the next day) that I then had to go back to emerg to get the results. I just went through the triage process the night before and now I am having to do it again. Overall, a good experience but think a leaner process could be developed for people who had a test and simply need results.
I probably been hospitalized more than 10 tim XX Always been well- treate
I rate my experience low because my roommate kept me up the entire night post op. Nurses are expected to do far too much. They don't have time to provide the care they would like to because they have too many patients to care for
I realize that these are strange days. I wish I could find a family doctor
I realize XXX is a very old hospital that should be replaced with a new facility because of its age it most make it very difficult to make it appear squeaky clean, but I feel the staff do a excellent job with what they have to work with. No complaints
I really appreciated Dr I* she spent so much time getting to know me and took the time to explain my condition to me and my family even taking phone calls from my daughter to help her understand what was going on. I was in hospital for 3 weeks and the variety of foods available was slim!
I really appreciated how carefully the staff listened to my symptoms and how they always treated me with respect. It made the experience much better
I really don't think it matters if I quit school at 8th grade or graduated college or if I am. Question 51. I find it insulting there questions are on this questionnaire >00000000000(
I really enjoyed the teaching aspect!
I really though sometimes I was in a spa. Excellent, kudos to all. Sorry! + + 4
I received amazing care from all staff
I received excellent care + am most grateful for my speedy admission.
I received excellent care by excellent staff Dr. XXXXXXXX was exceptional at explaining procedures that could be done Both dr who performed the procedures were excellent I spoke with them during the procedure. It was a very positive experience I thank each person, nurse, doctor & support staff for saving my life Dr. XXXXXXXXXIXXXXXXX were fantastic! The n where you waited for the rota (unreadable)I frvere very diligent, kind. & caring Than you so much to all!
I received excellent care from the staff at ♦♦.* ♦♦.* ♦♦.* Test were ongoing with no diagnosis when I left the hospital.
I received excellent care. Quickly and efficiently everyone was friendly + yet professional I was especially pleased with the precautions taken for COVID- 19 and felt safe (I had been worried about that) Wonderful team!!
I received excellent treatment!
I received satisfactory treatment
I received several calls about my surgery date but there was confusion regarding date + hospital IT would help if all calls reconfirmed date + location
I received very good care nurses & interns very caring and helpful while I stayed in hospital.
I received very good treatment at your hospital. I would recommend it to anyone.
I required a second G2 as one of the nurses did not find my coeds fast enough - Several problems with my G2 feeding.
I saw 3 doctors. After last doctor visit I was left alone with no instructions as to how I should resident sister kindly brought me a warm blanket not until shortly before I left the hospital was I offered anything to eat. - I was famished! I had to go looking for someone to remove the needles from my arm before leaving the hospital.
I saw an improvement - the waiting time was not as long as it has been in the past
I saw no nurses but 2 med students before the MD. Both students were very nice. I think one med students shift ended during my time there which is why I was seen by 2 students (both did the same tests). I was put in a very private and comfortable room so it made it tolerable for the length of time I was there. Also, I got x-rays which gave me reassurance regarding y injury which made the wait time worthwhile.
I seldom saw a doctor. Who was in charge of my care.
I spent 2 weeks in XXXXXXXXXX the nurses were amazing!
I spent a whole clay in the lab for an I had to ask for some food at 6:00 pm!! Also, I got moved into a 'ward" while awaiting surgery as the oom I was in was needed. I that but it wasn't ■easant, I'm still awaiting resolution for those charges
I spent my time in the hospital in ICU and then was moved to Kidd-7. The room adjacent to the staff lockers near the nursing desk was very loud throughout the entire day and night. It was difficult to sleep. During shift change staff were talking very loudly and slamming locker doors. The medication room that is adjacent had a very loud door as well, which kept me awake almost the entire night. Gon dering I entered the hospital at food portion was a constant issue and battle for me. The communication between staff (mainly between shifts) wasn't thorough about potential release, plans and expectations. There was issues with nurses responding to the call button for urinal change and assistance to the washroom, which resulted in wetting the bed a handful of times. Overall, the level of care was at a high standard with small mishaps potentially pointing to staffing issues. There was a few instances where staff went above and beyond. Specifically with education and mental health care.
I stayed in emergency dept 2 1/2 days until getting a hospital bed. I did not get a good nights sleep due to noise in emerg dept & numerous visitors in cubicles next to mine. Nurses acted in a very professional & compassionate way
I stayed in the hospital only one night + I was in emergency unit As a result answer to question 9 would better be "hardly ever". I really command all the staff for making my experience as good as possible.
I stayed on the 5th floor surgical ward a number of times. It appears all the rooms had 'home fix it' hardware for the bedside overhead lighting pull switches (clothes pins) that were always failing. Unbelievable for such a professional institution! I met with quite a number of doctors during my treatments. It would have been useful if they had left business/doctor cards with me for future reference..
I sustained a head injury + was left unchecked for several hours.
I talked to my Doctor and it was decided to go to XXX for a fast blood I told them as soon as I got there. They told me to have a seat. I waited 6 hours before I noticed other people were coming in and getting blood work right away so I asked I was told I was not to get one.
I thank you for all the help from the nurses. )00000000000(
I think in triage priority patients should be taken example. I was there with my heart racing at 200 beats per minute but was waiting for my turn Thank you )00000000(
I think it was XXXXXX)0( @ about 10 pm I had a sys. the nurse attending me tried to get a doctor but couldn't for some reason This was in the hospital rather than the emergency dept All in all, I have no complaints! I was well treated
I think my treatment was very good & my only concern about possible early discharge is related to balancing discharge vs hospital stay during Covid 19.
I think that the is an excellent hospital! I am very grateful we have such a fine hospital in XXXX)000K. Thank you.
I think the triage nurses in emergency department could be more compassionate and less rude. (Not all of them are but I would rather go to emerge)
I think this questionnaire is a good staff. However it is a pity that there is not specific questions to rate the excellent day nurse and the dismal night nurse.
I think we are blessed to have such great health care available to us here in XXXXXXXX (and in XXXXXXX). I have great admiration for all who keep the hospital running smoothly.
I think we are very blessed to have the hospital care that we have in XXXXXXXX! I received excellent care from nurses and doctors during my hospital stay!
I thought everyone did a great job Thanks
I thought I was treated very well.
I thought that the hospital stay was great. Staff worked together, were so helpful.
I thought the care I received during this emergency department visit was VERY good and though I felt better mentally when I left that they had taken good care of me.
I thought the food was well thought out, tasty and delivered in an efficient and friendly manner - already communicated this directly to XXX in
I thought the overall meals had improved since the last visit! XXXXXXXXXXXX
I thought the team really worked very hard to seek out what the problem was - it was complex and not at all what I thought. Bravo to them.
I thought the wait time (5 hrs) before i saw a dr. was too long.
I told him (doctor) about big XXX so he read my file and said he couldn't do anything ''it's not my field" so I ask him if he could send me to the specialist he did send me by email I call the specialist after I arrived home the same day they said well call you back I wait for a week, I never get any call back so I think I have to find another way XXX follow up will begin My true feeling is the doctor some of them are really wiling to help the patient even its not their field temporary help is better than nothing, some advice is good too some doctor they don't care! Patient at all.
I truly believe I could have been seen much earlier than I was I understand the shortages in staff and so on but things could have moved quicker I spoke with three nurses and told them the same thing before I saw a doctor and when the doctor came in she asked me how can I help you! She had not spoke with anyone that had spoke to me! I told my story four times I appreciate our healthcare as much as anyone I probably should have just gone to my family doctor
I trust the nurses more than most of the doctors, they need to see their patients and answer the question of patients without making the person feeling that they are rushed
I understand that there was a shortage of beds and a significant delay in admission and extra time in emergency. My daughter (XX) at the same hospital helped me significantly instead of nurses.
I understand the necessity of limiting visitations at this difficult time but it makes a scary stay even more difficult The nurses are angels.
I used 2 different commodes in the final days I spent in ICU. And ff onto the floor on
I used my most recent visit (as of XXXXXXXX) to complete the survey.
I visited emergency dept 3 nights in a row. The last night stay (12 hrs.) I was told to take XXXX
I wa d I would lose my driving license temporarily by a nurse I never heard from XXX of my status. I called them and they had never been contacted, told me to drive after 3 months had passed.
I waited 13 hrs on ER before seeing surgeon then told to return next day for surgery Not a happy camper with emergency department
I waited a long time in a cubicle for the doctor to arrive (after a resident's initial visit) but my problem was not very urgent, and they were busy, so that was ok
I waited for a very long time for the smallest amount of care from a doctor. It was a waste of my time. and could have been resolved in under an hour.
I waited too long for my liking and left emergency before seeing a doctor.
I want the staff on C-321 were very professional and they deserve recognition by the hospital of their dedication to excellent work ethics.
I wanted to leave much earlier!
I was (unreadable) than normal leaving after surgery and it was apparent they wanted me to leave. I was rushed out when I should have stayed another day or two This need was shared by my wife & daughter. >000000(
I was 2 1/2 days in the emergency room before being put in a regular room.
I was a ith surgery + care as this was my #9. When person in room had dementia. was agitated, noisy until nurses removed her to near nursing station. Noise was unintentional
I was a XXX for 3 weeks. I didn't mind at all. Every one treated me well.
I was admitted during the height of the first wave of the pandemic and with that and other emergencies the medical staff were calm and efficient and they made my predicament less stressful.XXXXXXXXXXXX
I was admitted for' ------- surgery a couple of days after elective surgery was cancelled due to COVID 19 Based on the unknown regarding COVID 19, I felt all doctors nurses + all staff still went about their tasks to make patients feel well cared for Job well done! 70000000
I was admitted for an I during COVID I was in hospital for 4 days before surgery + 1 day post surgical My bed was never remade once I was 4 days on liquid diet in case I could get into surgery earlier than anticipated. No attempt made to give me any solid food once they knew I would get into surgery that day. A PSW went way out of her way to find me a cell phone charger so I could stay in (b) contact with family. Three weeks previous I had completed all ima ■loud work, etc to be ready But the hospital could not access that info result. Repeat cost to system Repeat use of staff Repeat pain + delay for me.
I was admitted into a hospital emergency visit and spent 16 1/2 hrs there I was then transferred by ambulance to emergency dept where I spent 9 hrs there waiting for a bed. Very stressful.
I was admitted on a XXXXXXXXX night. I had a booked MRI for the XXXXXX morning. While in hospital I for 3 nights straight. When admitted I was under the impression that I would have my surgery on XXXXXXXX morning and would be going home XXXXXXXX night - per the ER docs. Asa result of misinformation, and over booked OR time, I ended up staying in hospital for a week vs overnight. This resulted in loss of work. My being able to effectively do my job. I did ask to speak with a patient care representative, was told they would request one - never saw anyone. On the day of my discharge, I was discharged around 2:30 pm. I called N I in the near future. I am concerned for how my experience will be, based on this recent visit.
I was admitted partly for observation. but mostly awaiting tests
I was admitted to emergency by ambulance. My wife followed in her car. She was not allowed to be with me for over 2 hours. She was told no (unreadable) and was finally let in after a guard shift change. This policy of allowing guards to make the decision should be reviewed.
I was ALWAYS treated with the utmost respect, and genuine concern. My only criticism would be that I felt a pressure to be discharged rather quickly.
I was amazed and thankful at how empathetic and compassionate the nursing staff were. They make my stay (9 days) almost enjoyable.
I was answering on behalf of my daughter, who is only X.
I was anxious and a little bit in XXX Everyone from the EMTs to the nurses to the doctor was compassionate and kind so I felt listened to and cared for. It was a much quicker visit than I anticipated. I was also seen by the specialist for follow up care the very next day. My whole experience was excellent. Thank you!
I was aprehensive as my procedure was suppose to happen at but get cancelled + changed to Saying that it all turned out great and I was very pleased with my stay Everyone was so kind.
I was asked to leave the examining ''cubicle" I was put in at first and told to go and wait in a general waiting room carrying my belongings with me, sitting in a hospital gown with others and when finished I was told I could change in a nearby washroom (when I was told I could leave) I would have felt much more comfortable had I been able to stay where I was originally put
I was asleep through the intensive care so I cannot answer. Only problem was my epidural became detached + the nurse wasn't aware (nor me) so I was itchy + the blood pressure pads on my legs were uncomfortable so I oved them
I was at the ER because my doctor was not available - not in her office I am not sure why they are not int he office during covid, dentists. pharmacists, everyone at work except doctors.
I was at XXX emerg for
I was at XXX for 2 weeks and left for a nths stay at for
I was at XXX twice within a month and transferred to the for 71 days Came home XXXXXX XXXXXXXX I feel ch better, I have a nurse for my e dresses it 3 times a week. Its much better since coming home.
I was attended quick & the staff was great
I was awake all night.' It was a very frightening and exhausting night for me.
I was called in to the room but wasn't seen for 1 hr 15. no nurse came asked me if I was ok or needed some water. This is when my back was in a lot of pain!
I was cared for very well & transferred to )(XXXXXXX's for rehab. I got excellent care but the food was not very good. especially at XXXXXXXX's.
I was cared for.
I was concerned that I had to clarify the surgery being done as it was not documented accurately.
I was constantly treated with respect. honesty, and friendliness, but at the same time very professional at and
I was definitely very satisfied. No complaints!
I was diagnosed with pneumonia after x-ray I was very grateful for diagnosis and prescription antibiotics because I was very sick for many days prior. Recovered)
I was directed to go to XXXXXXX by for Covid testing.
I was disappointed that my semi-private room had a total of four patients in it It was classified as semi private because it had two doors.
I was discharged from hospital after a senou removed) surgery with no follow up information
I was discharged on a  XXXXXXX so no one talked to me about support, XXXX etc for me. Nurses were great but not always full communication between nurses and doctors or between different teams of doctors (specialists)
I was discharged too early and my mother was expected to manage my complex care. Too much is expected by a relative who is aged herself. Also one resident doctor kept wanting to pull my picc line needlessly as it was still using it at home Overall excellent care was received
I was especially impressed by two things. 1. quality + promptness of communication by surgical team, + 2. Compassion, professionalism. care & humor displayed by nursing staff.
I was evaluated at the walk-in clinic on XXXXXXXXXXX. The doctor there confirmed with XXX emerg who advised that I go straight to emerg at emerg I went through triage where I sat for over 2 hours when I finally went into emerg, an emergency surgeon said why wasn't I here earlier, they were waiting for me.
I was extremely shocked that tests required were not done on a weekend, thereby really leaving myself and family members to wait for a diagnosis. This puts extra strain on patients and finances It seems our health care dollars could be spent more wisely
I was generally satisfied with my care
I was given a list of medications that did not have time limits on two medications that were on the prescription sent to my pharmacy - my husband noted the information on the bottles.
I was glad that I live in Canada.
I was glad to be there at the time
I was glad to get the help I needed thanks
I was happy - but bothered by noise - almost continuous
I was happy my partner would stay with me. It was very clean.
I was hardly able to sleep at night as the other patient
I was impressed & grateful Cast still on Writing difficult
I was impressed by the kindness and professionalism of staff from specialist, doctors, nurses, students, cleaners, etc I was well treated. I am a cheerful person and I too try my best to be considerate and helpful to the staff, who do a great job thank you
I was impressed by the cleanliness compared to other stays food was not too bad.
I was impressed will all nurses except one. One nurse in training was kind of unprofessional other nurses were extremely good.
I was impressed with the nursing care, especially that of the male nurses
I was impressed with the positive work ethic shown by the several porters who moved me around. Some of the PSW staff were personable & helpful, but many seemed to be mainly focused on avoiding doing their job Other patients commented on this, as it was obvious.
I was impressed with the treatment I received there was not one person that I encountered that was not kind. helpful and encouraging
I was in a 4 patient word with 2 demented pts. My 1st post op night, they were. but L on a roll and I got virtually no sleep. The next night on attendant was hired for one pt. and the night was much better. This is not a complaint, as the two old fellows couldn't help themselves. All in all, my stay was excellent.
I was in a 4 person room. The other 3 patients definitely required more can than I did. Plus my nurse had other seriously ill patients Nurse was definitely overworked and rushed! My daughter (who is also a nurse) got me out of there ASAP because the bathroom was not thoroughly cleaned after other patients who had diarrhea and she was worried that I would ''catch" something if my stay was prolonged Also my daughter had to ask the nurses to get and put on the compression stockings which I was supposed to use after my surgery
I was in a bedroom requested private or SP 2 of my roommates coughed, spit, wet their beds when (unreadable) a teenager who cried most of the night + had a teen staying with her No privacy
I was in a heart unit because of an The 3 days were excellent as was the response o ramedics. The transfer from my local hospi a was well organized.
I was in a room - very small, with an XX Ye d man - very upset when he ad
I was in a room on XXXXX 10 or 9 by the pediatric ward & staff entering would let the door slam. Wake me up as I was right beside it. Muting the door would be a good idea.
I was in a semiprivate room with another female but am horrified that had I stayed my second night I would have had male roommate I think it very wrong male/female sharing I left hospital sooner than room. I should have due to this concern
I was in a ward of 4 beds, which took 2 days waiting for surgery. I was in that ward for 7 days, SLEEPLESS because of all the patient noise before I was finally transferred to It should not have happened, all that noise. Should have been moved to private or semi private room.
I was in a ward with 2 other patients. One patient was a horrid awful evil little man, and I must compliment the nurses for their patience They did a wonderful job
I was in a ward with very elderly people who dirtied their beds. And made a lot of noise all night. I could not sleep most nights because of the noise and smell hard to eat because of the smell sometimes.
I was in ED on XXXXX and again on . In both instances I was treated to the best of care by doctors and nurses who knew their roles very well I don't like being in hospitals (who does?) but if there's no choice then my choice would be XXXX without question.
I was in emergency at if...if...if...if.* XXXXXXXXXXXXX is the pit.
I was in emergency over two days - waiting for test & the result of tests. They seemed to lose the documentation between day 1 & 2. Day 2 results were not sent to my family doctor. It is a hard job they do. Too many people Too few doctors.
I was in emergency too long, where general care is limited.
I was in excruciating pain & asked the nurse to take me to the bathroom in the wheelchair. She (unreadable) me & hard to get into it myself - when I told but it was impossible - she said that is your choice and walked out of the room with her helper. Also I have wondered many times how older people manage to reach their trays or (unreadable) occasions my tray was always left at the end of the bed & I would have to wait for the person to come and pick it up - and by that time the food was stone cold PS I am XX my room was a broom closet the bed beside me kept the curtain closed so I was unaware it had a window!1
I was in for 8 day but only remember 3, I woke up 4 1/2 day after being admitted
I was in for open heart surgery and every person that took care of me were awesome
I was in hospital for --- and stayed one night in intensive care so difficult to answer some questions - did my best.
I was in hospital for 7 days and nights and treated very well in a private room, however there was no television or radio available and no visitation because of COVID19 Although I needed the rest I was very lonely without at least at
I was in hospital for surgery. Received appropriate care in a friendly helpful atmosphere
I was in ICU and the first 3 or so days, I was right by the nursing station. Every night I was awakened by staff talking loudly and laughing. My nurse was very frustrated too with the level of noise at the nursing station. One time I finally hollered 'PEOPLE, PLEASE' and it quiete• for awhile. I was vering from land had and was rather astounded at the lack of consideration on their part. By the 4th night, I asked the head nurse if she could ask them to use their library voice at night, and she offered to move me to a quieter area. and I jumped at the opportunity. This is my absolute only complaint, otherwise the care was 100%.
I was in only one dayl My only complaint was @ discharge. Changes in my meds weren't explained to me by a nurse. In part I only spoke with an (unreadable) on discharge! D/T (unreadable) somewhat confused about it!
I was in over a weekend for 5 rounds iv antibiotic treatments due to an infection I had from surgery. The care was amazing from your Urgent Care and Ophthalmology dept. I only have one concern and that would be that the antibiotic I received seem to be difficult for 2 of the nurses to mix correctly which was a little concerning but I was assured it was correct in the end. There had been a code white called on my last evening while I was hooked up to an IV and your urgent care staff and security was so impressive and caring for this individual who clearly had some mental health issues. They were patient and kept explaining and trying to calm him down as well as got a mattress so after getting him under control he was made conformable until which time they felt confident in moving him. When they finally got him to a room the female doctor on spent quite a while talking to him with a steady calm voice even when the gentlemen was not so civil. In many jobs there are definitely people who have natural ability in the career they chose and with the world so tough on the youth. I have to say the young nurse I had on my last night there with the code white call on top of everything else was on the ball and highly skilled from her bed side manner, to mixing the meds, getting the IV drip going to unhooking me and discharge.
I was in so much pain when I arrived to the emergency and yet it took over three hours before getting help for my pain.
I was in the ED for a second time to follow up on an error that occurred in my first visit (test result missed and not shared). I appreciated how quickly the ED was able to see me but could encourage the org. to start these conversations with 'I am sorry'- having to come back and the angst that created was avoidable if the issue had not been missed the first time and it is important to apologize for patients experience (knowing that it was not intentional but ultimately the impact was on me). Otherwise you have some exceptional staff that are incredibly compassionate and attentive.
I was in the emergency department for a short period of time and was quickly rushed in and given a more private room when it became apparent EVERY single person I met with that day showed kindness and compassion. (Dr, nurses, ultrasound tech. triage).
I was in the hospital for 8 days Some nurses were very good. others completely ignored me all day. The doctors never really explained my condition to me and they would tell me one thing and something completely different would happen I left earlier than I should I just needed to get home.
I was in very great pain They took good care of me They are still working for an outcome
I was just in XXXXXXXXXX + then transferred to XXX with supposedly pneumonia + after 40 hours was discharged and was told there was nothing wrong. Time money + space wasted
I was kept in the recovery room until after 5'00 PM - no ward beds were available - I missed out on the evening meal - I had not eaten since 8:00 the previous night. One of the nurses went to another wing of the hospital to get me a sandwich. My overall stay, care and experience was A+++ Many thanks to the staff.
I was look after my staff very good
I was looked after very well. I had my children with me I don't know if the care would have been so good if I was alone. The Dr. XXXXXXX explained everything (even drew pictures) to explain. I didn't ever feel hurried by anyone.
I was lucky to arrive when very few people were in the waiting area that room was packed when I left. Staff were excellent they need more space hallways & examination rooms were cramped at times.
I was most impressed with all hospital staff who were always very courteous, compassionate, & professional.
I was most impressed with the wonderful care that I received. They very care and professional staff is to be commended. Thank you for a brief but pleasant stay. >00000000000(
I was moving from another hospital + wasn't feeling well + triage wouldn't help me I was awaiting surgery + a bed + they did not want to help right away
I was never asked or given a face cloth/towel to wash/shower. I am an "old nurse and feel strongly cleanliness is very important to a patient in the hospital.
I was never given a call button My room was noisy all night and the nurses station was noisy as well I didn't get enough water for overnight & I could call to ask The nurse never came to check on me One member of the staff texted people in my family to tell them I was in the hospital
I was never informed about the availability of location of showers nor offered linens to give myself sponge baths I only found out about these services on discharge Bed linens never changed during my stay
I was not adequately prepared for going home. (1) Time-challenged nurse races over written instructions that are minimal (2) No suggestions for who to call: questions except ER (1) or an olved fam doc (M-F, 9-5 only) eg
I was not always aware of surroundings but felt safe - Spouse let me know of my sometimes rude behaviour with staff and for that I apologize. Never felt unsafe. Thanks for everything WOO=
I was not impressed at all with the young female resident working with Dr. XXXXX)00K. She was very smissive, and made me feel as though I was making more of my I should be, when, in fact, I ended up being diagnosed' ------ I She could use some work with regard to her bedside manner!
I was not impressed with the food
I was not informed the day after my surgery that I would be going for a CT scan. The orderly just came and . A medical student said I stitches. learly he did not know what he was talking about.
I was not seen by an attending phys for the last 2 days of my hospital stay I found this to be odd and felt uncomfortable with that. It didn't really register until I left hospital as I was overwhelmed with my new diagnosis Although the (unreadable) clerk who saw me the last 2 days in hospital was thorough & informative & kind & professional, I still felt it was strange not to have been seen or spoken to by the cardiologist
I was not very satisfied with the NP for my cardiac surgery there were times that I felt she did not provide good therapeutic communication. There were inappropriate comments. She could improve in these ways the psychosocial domains of care were never addr -d. This is inadequate considering I had it was a shock. Thank you for this survey - I had planned to write a letter of concern.
I was on C #6 Nurses were nice but never pulled the curtains The hospital had the heat on (by mistake I'm sure) but the room was 28. It is always too hot and too noisy I only had 2 hrs of sleep per night
I was on oncology floor + it could not have been a better experience So compassionate about cancer-III
I was one of the first people to arrive at urgent care before it opened - that's why my care was so quick.
I was only at emerg this time to the one other visit the emerg. dept. was packed with patients The nurses & physicians were run off their feet First (during my second night) due to rain there had been flooding in one part of the dept so there were space limitations. So it was difficult for staff to put me in a place they could treat my injuries. I was not given crutches when I left. On my second visit to emerg. they gave them to me when I asked. My impression is that the doctors, nurses, and other staff do their very best with the limited resources (space & human power) that they have. I think more resources need to be sent their way (improved facilities and increased staff I was impressed by how well the staff managed given the pressures put upon them by space and staffing limitations.
I was part of a survey - post discharge after surgery Virtual Care with Remote Automated Monitoring technology (PVC-RAM) Trial - which I found to be very useful. I was able to ask any questions I had with respect to my recovery process. I found this to be very reassuring and was pleased I had agreed to participate.
I was placed in a quad room instead of a semi-private which my insurance covered. Also, the patient beside me during the night would use his emergency call button to summon the nurse every 30 minutes which resulted in me receiving no sleep that night.
I was placed in the hallway offload section during US I had to expose my chest. Not acceptable with everyone walking by
I was pleasantly surprised at the wonderful care I received at XXXI My hospital stay was as good as it could have been before and after surgery. XXXXXX)<XXXXXX
I was pleasantly surprised at the efficiency, general care and concern about my well-being.
I was pleased I could have a family member accompany me to hospital + for waiting. With COVID going on all was handled very humanely.
I was pleased People were caring and efficient
I was pleased with the care I received.
I was pleased with the care received at the Emergency Dept - After follow up testing the diagnosis was confirmed and I was taking medication which eases the pain --------- Treating much better
I was pleased with the way the nurses kept track of diabetes of XX years.
I was pleased with the XXX the times I did visit.
I was prescribed antibiotics by IV & later learned it was to be 3x a day. On 1 occasion 1 day I only got it twice & on and occasion nurse noticed I had not received afternoon IV (2nd one) so she gave me 2 (2nd &3rd) that evening. It seemed the (afternoon) mid day one was not easily tracked. Nurse who noticed this was very good to get it to me quickly, which I told her I appreciate as it was the only thing that was gav et me out of there because
I was privileged to meet two doctors - in training who really impressed me The doctor was excellent - clearly a good teacher The nurse who checked on me also impressed The people doing screening at the door needed more training they could not advise another patient on where to go for Covid-19 testing.
I was put in a room with 3 men - not good for me - explained to nurse and they switched my room (on med floor) was in hospital twice and both times with people who yelled all night was exhausting - should have then with men Women with women and people who yell with people who yell.
I was put in a treatment room in extreme pain * left for a long period of time only because a nurse came in to retrieve something & found me crying did I get pain medication after that I finally saw the doctor & was assessed & treated
I was quite happy about everything thank you. X)00(XXXXXXX Thanks again
I was quite happy with the overall treatment with the hospital staff.
I was quite impressed that I had a nurse that helped me right away and came back to me later giving me blood (unreadable). He was very personal and stayed with me till I left! He took the time to be a personal nurse. Not running off. Also, they put me in a room with other people that were going to be released at same time as I was. Than doctor took the time to speak to each of us individually. Never had that before and appreciated the concerns. I didn't feel like I was just a number and an old lady that they usually treated you didn't matter. Which happened before.
I was quite impressed with everyone that I interacted with. I was in hospital about 7 yrs earlier and this experience was like a different experience. Not sure how the transformation was achieved.
I was quite pleased with the dr's nurses specialists in health expertise. Very kind and competent. Absolutely through my stay at the hospital also had patience and all staff worked well together. Thank you for to be able sign the survey.
I was quite satisfied with my treatment I am still having follow up doctor + specialized appointments I am still having problems which are being (unreadable).
I was really impressed by the high quality of teamwork demonstrated so well by the medical teams, including the students and interns.
I was really sick and can't thank the hospital, all staff including support staff for the excellent care I received. Thank you all so much.
I was referred to a specialist at XXX from another hospital and told to report to emergency at XXX. At the emergency the information seemed to have got lost and wasn't rectified for a couple of hours (and after three inquires by myself and my husband).
I was referred to another dr who diagnosed me & was put onto meds
I was referred to the surgery team from another hospital. But the male physician who attended those around me in the XXX emerg ward was a 12110 - prof - compassionate - understanding - able to adeptly transition from diagnosis related issues to allay patient fears I wish I could have told him how great he is. (2) Machines that constantly blare false alarms are a form of sleep depriv torture!
I was released and told to see my family doctor for followup. She was away and there was no one to follow up I had to call back to the hospital to get the doctor there to answer my concerns I should have had followup with a cardiologist Should have been followup appointments in the weeks after I was released!
I was rushed from x-ray to emerg after having an acute experience at both hospitals has been both exemplary and fast. Always! The staff are amazing, concerned, empathetic, and thorough in their questioning. After 5 hrs of recovery, being constantly maintained. I was sent home with prescription for
I was rushed out of XXXXXXXX to early - was home approx 12 hrs then returned to XXXXXXXXX when I was admitted for a few wks until stable Was returned home with complete understanding of medication & all set up with help with worker in Later returned for rehab - (unreadable) in
I was satisfied with my care by the nurses & doctors They were all caring & compassionate I have no complaints
I was satisfied with my care Food requires changes
I was satisfied with my hospital stay. The doctors, nurses and staff are to be commended. The level of care was excellent in spite of the extremely heavy workload they cope with each day.
I was scared at first. They made me relaxed and calm.
I was seen at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. It turned out I had pneumonia. All of the health professionals who attended to me were caring, responsive and communicative.
I was seen by a resident, not a doctor Resident + nurses were very professional ( ) XXX is not very clean
I was sent as an urgent case to the emergency department by my doctor from the after hours clinic, and I was only seen after 3 hours, this is not acceptable!
I was sent home without questions about my living conditions (did I live alone?) did I have friends relatives nearby etc However subsequently I was given help within 3 days of accident.
I was sent to XXX to be admitted for
I was served a meal in a dirty bowl My nurse was great to handle the complaint and keep the bowl for the food services supervisor to see
I was served by several teams and they didn't seem to all be operating together. Also, I had to be on top of what was happening at all times and advocate strongly for myself. I would establish an understanding with one doc and the next would not be aware of it. This included diagnosis, plan, discharge timing, my concerns re relapse ... teams were busy. Rarely did I feel seen as a whole being. More as a collection of symptoms. Complaints aside, however. I felt safe & grateful for the treatment I received. I did feel all staff tried their best within the constraints of the system & expectations placed upon them.
I was shocked and dismayed to overhear the multiple discussions of pts. while I lay in my bed. There was a complete lack of respect for pt. privacy. Also, there was a very poor coordination of team based care. Nurses & doctors did not seem to communicate and therefore it becomes two streams of care versus collaborative care neither were aware of what the other profession was doing. Very disappointing, absolutely no communication between them. Also: this survey fails to truly capture the pt. experience. It is a tool that gives you standardized answers only.
I was so pleased with the care I received. ICU + on the floor the nurses were all amazing. helpful + cheery, the residents + doctors were exceptional + willing to explain so I could understand. Excellent
I was somewhat shocked to have male roommates during my hospital stay - actually 3 of them. After receiving the hospital information packet. I saw the explanation, but never had that experience.
I was surprised and pleased with the people - all the people I had dealings with at XXX. I continue to be most impressed.
I was surprised at how quick I was seen Last time I went with a sore back it took 1/2 - 1 hour
I was surprised at how quickly we were seen. All of the staff were friendly and supportive. I left not fully understanding my injury thought, I should have asked for more of an explanation. Thank you for the kind and fast care.
I was surprised that I was not wheeled or walked down to the main doors when I was discharged. I did not have a family member available eet me. so I was taking a taxi
I was surprised that the dr. did not wash hands between patients
I was surprised that wearing a mask in emerg was not mandatory
I was taken by ambulance from XXXX They thought Just to be on the safe side they sen me to XXXXXXXX. Pleased with care overall. The only problem were all the cops and convicts it was a bit scary.
I was taken by ambulance to XXX and wasn't fully with it on arrival, so my answers reflect that.
I was taken in fairly quickly as they were checking for land the room was full of people waiting for treatment
I was taken off one of my medications and after repeated questions of nurse about why. I never got a satisfac wer, and the drs were not available. found out later from 1 ----------__ rat I may have gotten it in another way, the only answer the nurses game me is that it wasn't prescribed, and for me that wasn't a good enough answer.
I was taken to emergency because I Overall, not a good experience. Nurses need to be trained better in the mental health field Thanks
I was then admitted to the hospital
I was there during the initial pandemic declaration and was very hesitant to attend but I knew I had a serious injury and needed help. I was very relieved that extremely safe/cautious measures were taken/excellent/superior care. Thank you so very much. I am very grateful.
I was there for' -------
I was there for about 2 weeks. I could have not asked for a better experience - considering
I was there for about 36 hours and saw a cleanser once. The place is filthy there was a blood stain or drop on the floor when I came in and it was there when I left
I was there from noon till midnight!
I was there from XXX to XXX had one shower and lucky if you could get a wash lick and a promise and not even a wash when transferred to a different hospital more help needed!
I was told I had to leave surgery on my broken wrist so emergency did all the pre-op work so I would be ready. But no one forwarded the information to orthopedics. If they had I could have had my surgery @ a week sooner!
I was told I would need follow up care but was not given a name or phone number of physician. I need to see for follow or even time frame of when I need to see them
I was told that my knee was too swollen to get results from x-ray but was not referred for MRI and the dr thought I had ligament damage. Had to argue with my family dr for MRI.
I was told there would be a follow up appointment. That hasn't happened yet.
I was told while I was bleeding profusely from both nostrils that all the doctors were attempting to save lives because of 2 motor vehicle accidents
I was transferred to stay at XXXXXXXXXX then and finally Final stay before going home.
I was transported from hotel XXX to XXX and was admitted for 5 days and XXX
I was transported from to XXX)00(XXXX for emergency surgery. I had no family members with me due to Covid 19. I was very nervous as I was alone. The nurses & doctors comforted me & truly eased my fear & anxiety.) The care that I received was perfect I would recommend XX)00(XXXXX to anyone. The nurses & doctors treat you with respect & compassion. I felt very safe in their care.
I was transported to XXX wake. When I our care at XXX is excellent. Your staff is very well trained. This made an unpleasant event more comfortable Sincerely,
I was treat very nice and respect Thank you very much.
I WAS TREATED ERY WELL.
I was treated for an eye infection which turned out to be a sty No medications No f/up care was needed
I was treated great, with well educated staff. Treated my wife with respect.
I was treated like a queen. I hated to go home.
I was treated royally
I was treated very well ad the doctor thought I had a problem I did not know about and took an x-ray Very pleased with my visit.
I was treated very well and received excellent care.
I was treated very well and that goes for the cleaning staff all doctors, nurses, and PSW workers. )0000000(
I was treated very well and the staff were super Only 1 thing I uld say I was not informed of
I was treated very well during my stay at the hospital.
I was treated very well in the hospital I appreciated the procedures done by the surgery team during the period of surgery and all other hospital staff after my surgery.
I was treated very well when I was there.
I was treated very well. People would ask how was treated. The truth wonderful. Thank you all
I was treated well and had every confidence in the services rendered and was satisfied with this experience. I have recovered fully and am thankful for the care I was given. Thank you.
I was treated well but wait time was ridiculous. Waited 9 hrs at XXX before being sent to XXX by taxi the another 4 hours at XXX before being seen
I was treated with care + respect II the urgent care staff and sent to for surgery where I had it done 1st day and called next day for emergency surgery as the x-ray was not read properly Getting follow up nursing care from Care Partners - Excellent care.
I was treated with dignity and care by people who took their profession seriously. Thank you.
I was treated with great care and VERY professionally Thank you
I was treated with kindness & perfect care by all staff. The meals were as I ordered & adequate for my hospital stay.
I was treated with kindness and professional medical care. Now I feel good thank you XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX PS only thing I found difficult was the food and I know its hard with so many different patients to feed XXX
I was treated with kindness by everyone associated with my care at and and on the floor I was mobile and able to do for myself. Thanks for your care. XXX
I was treated with respect and I was mad aware as to what was happening to me at all times My hospital stay was very supportive.
I was treated with respect, and dignity. We (my family and I) would recommend your hospital. I've used as a way to help other hospitals and staff. We hold you all in the highest esteem. and should have a perfect accreditation. All dr's and staff are respectful, courtesy, and dignity. The cancer teams were more than professional, and were able to answer and assist in all questions and needs. Thank you. With deepest regards.
I was treated with respect, dignity and compassion by all staff, physicians + volunteers You can't ask for more than that Thank you
I was treated with utmost care + compassion
I was treated with utmost respect - compassion - interest and understanding. The nurses were very attentive and a joy to converse with on many subjects, except for one nurse did as little as she could - fortunately I only had her for one night. I can't say enough good things about the XXX
I was unconscious when I entered emerg. I believe all hospital staff were stretched to the limit due to id-19. They all did a tremendous job )0(X)000000(X
I was very cold in my stay at the hospital. I asked for a blanket but I was told there were no blankets, so I stayed cold the whole time.
I was very concerned about the lady next to me They were going to send her home and she was sick the whole time there?? The dr (student) said she could come back as an outpatient?? Some of the questions are rather ambiguous.
I was very glad to be but in a semi - private room. I wish that was the way it is all the time. Thanks )0000(XXXXX
I was very grateful for all the hard work and professionalism of the doctors + nurses whom assisted me during my emergency visit!! Excellent service!
I was very happy to go home but the meals, staff were helpful + happy even when in an emergency with the patient around me. It was the best rest as I knew my problem was on the mend. Thank you all.
I was very happy with my stay
I was very happy with my stay at )000000000000000(Thank you )00000000=
I was very happy with the treatment I received at XXX The nurses (including the students) were very pleasant, and explained any questions I had the doctors also gave detailed answers to my questions about my treatment and discharge. 100% satisfied.
I was very impressed by doctors + nurses team that took care of me They were efficient, courteous and kind.
I was very impressed with nurses + doctors + they did a very good job then and good planning for more tests after I got out. >0(
I was very impressed with nursing staff Cheerful (unreadable) understanding and always available
I was very impressed with the
I was very impressed with the care I received
I was very impressed with the care I received at XXX.
I was very impressed with the overall care. Doctors seemed very concerned about figuring out what was causing my health concerns. The different doctors communicated and worked well together
I was very impressed with the courtesy, empathy and knowledge of everyone concerned. Your staff was very professional and I am very grateful and thankful. Thank you
I was very impressed with the doctor and nurses. Thank you.
I was very impressed with the efficiency of the nurses & drs. Very professional.
I was very pleased by my visit to the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX during the time of Covid 19 - I was at first worried about going - but everything was "ok" Thanks
I was very pleased with all aspects of my care as well as the sharing of information re my care and (unreadable) Thank you
I was very pleased with my stay All staff were excellent with my care. I am very proud of our XXX. )00000000=
I was very pleased with my stay.
I was very pleased with the service. The doctors, nurses and all the staff were just wonderful.
I was very satisfied with my entire hospital stay. Thank you.
I was very satisfied with the care and help & politeness I received during my hospital stay at XXX.
I was very satisfied with the service that I received from everyone while in the hospitable. A little disappointment in the rehab department as they told me that there was no one in our area to come to my house for some help with my recovery after surgery. I had to do a lot of phone calling myself but did eventually find someone to come. There was only one problem with my stay, was when you rang for the nurses, sometimes it took a while for them to get to you, but it is understandable as they have so much to do, it is impossible for them to be everywhere at the same time.
I was very satisfied with the staff at the hospital. I have always received prompt & efficient service during any visits.
I was very upset to be in a ward with 3 men! One called the nurse every hour! The plastic mattress and thin sheet made me very hot (uncomfortable) The condition of the room was disturbing/window area in state state of disrepair! Overheard nurses talking about other staff - very inappropriate - negative comments about students!
I was very well cared for by a very professional team - all staff respectful, caring & open communicators Commend as well the post(unreadable) staff, nutrition services and housekeeping too!
I was very well cared for, but I left with some anxiety about follow-up appointments, treatment etc.
I was very well taken care of from the moment I arrived The doctors & nurses in both emergency and the floor were outstanding. They made my stay as pleasant as any hospital stay could be Excellent care was given Thank you!
I was visiting the XXXXXXXXXX for a regular check up when they discovered the right side Family was not involved until they picked me up.
I was well cared for!!
I was well cared for.
I was well taken care of and treated well
I was well taken care of by all staff at this facility!
I was well taken care of. Thank you!
I was seen quickly and taken seriously All tests were negative but all medical staff reassured me that coming in was the right thing to do I felt validated and heard, which was very important.
I wasn't pleased about the long 't for the CAT scan - 9 hrs. with monitored until they got that lower. XXXX)<XXXXXX
I wasn't really too keen on fasting for four days until being called back in for my surgery, but it happens a lot at XXX. My neighbor broke her ankle and went through same thing, but I realize about priority lists. But overall happy with my outcome. )00000000000000(
I watched 2 people being interviewed by a nurse before I was called to sit in the same chair I am at (unreadable) to Covid 19 on 3 counts I had to ask for the chair & its arms to be wiped down This was not done automatically and the other patients had handled the chair and touched their faces My visit was after 10 pm and I went home at 3 am
I went finally to XXX for answers and 3 another ER (patient) helped me to taxi. @ apt. entrance no wheelchair
I went for a MRI around 5pm, the young dr. said he had a list of about 20 requisitions when he went through the list, I was the only one fasting so he e. Very appreciative.
I went for an allergic reaction to something? Once the triage nurse saw me they took me right in
I went from the to the XXX. I suffer from chronic illness. What I  don't like is once they find out xxx they presume you are misusing it not. I had Not every one is not misusing their meds the wrong way.
I went in for neurosurgery and following the procedure, I had to stay in recovery for 3 days as there weren't any beds available. Although I would have preferred the quiet of a room, the care I received during the extended stay in recovery was superior. When a bed was made available on my last day, the care I received was not as good. I had asked numerous times for food and never received anything. The nurse asked once when meals were being delivered but nothing after that. The person delivering food said nothing was ordered so I couldn't have anything. My discharge seemed very rushed and it wasn't until I read my documents numerous times myself. did I fully understand everything. Despite this bit at the end, the care and compassion I received was excellent.
I went in for tick removal. 37-39 do not apply The telehealth nurse suggested I go in after I was unsuccessful at removing tick at home. With better information, this visit would not have been needed.
I went in hospital for surgery and found it was a positive experience. I have nothing negative to say about my stay.
I went in with serious condition but knew what it was + it was properly + expertly diagnosed + treated. Last day for discharge some lack of communication + I was left waiting considerable time for discharge papers. This was a nurse/PSW issue. XXX is an excellent hospital has previously saved my life.
I went in with shortness of breath and I already had angiogram scheduled so I got looked at right of way and was provided excellent care
I went into hospital thinking that I would be sent to as I had no one at home plus I was XX years old at the time. I don't remember being told that this would not happen. Thankfully, I did have help from friends & neighbors & I have done very well with my recovery & never knew. XXX
I went into the hospital for a (unreadable) that ordinarily takes place without danger but I suffered from an extreme reaction. But I was well treated afterwards.
I went to emerge by ambulance arrived at 7:40 am. I was removed from gurney & put in a wheelchair had to go through triage the same as if I had been driven in I sat in waiting room with excruciating pain 'till 10:30 am. They were taking in people that came in after me. 6-8 people I felt like I was not important. Once in emerge I was given pain medication but it was not 'till 3 pm They sent me for a procedure where they drained fluid of my joints It was then they told me it was a good thing I came in had surgery the next arm.
I went to Emergency expecting a quick fix and ended up being admitted for several days for a condition I knew nothing about. Surprise! My health care team were exceptional. During my stay I felt safe in these strange times and was well cared for.
I went to emergency for XXX Doctor spent 5 minutes explaining x-ray. I had to exit on my own through heavy steel doors in a wheelchair. Emergency had closed at 10:00 PM. P.S. - bring cellphone of call for help!
I went to emergency department because my XXXX I found what was the problem by myself after several months of taking these two medication together. Nurses were excellent but the doctor was so quick and did not do any blood test to check the at that time or what was the real problem that was harming my health. I want to thanks all the nurses that night that were very compassionate, professional and did an excellent job especially during this pandemic time.
I went to find out the cause of my back pain and was handed medication without any test to let me know the cause and what could be done to prevent it in the future and pushed out the door.
I went to hospital by ambulance after in my home
I went to the hospital by ambulance the ifrst time. I was given excellent care from the moment I entered the hospital. I was later discharged but told if I had any symptoms that concerned me I should return for more treatment. I went back to the hospital by taxi and arrived 1:50ann the next morning. The place was not busy, I was accepted into Triage at 2:40am. I wished I had called for an ambulance, to be given faster trea as my condition was getting worse the Triage Nurse was playing with a baby (high fever) for a half hour. the Nurse left her station, I thought she went to the washroom or had to leave for an important reason .. I later see she's playing with the baby in the waiting area(not administering any medication or taking of vitals). I was so sick, I thought I was going to pass out finally she arrived and took my information. I couldn't believe she was only able to enter my information using her pointing fingers very slowly one finger at a time on the keyboard. The next person was the Registration she was even slower yes I was unwell and anxious to get help. but I thought these two people should take a keyboarding course, after all they are part of the emergency department. I had excellent treatment during my stay at the hospital and I'm very thankful to the doctors and nurses who helped me to get better. The only problem was getting admitted into the hospital within a reason period of time and your survey did not ask me any questions about that. Thanks for your time,
I went to the hospital for a huge floater in my eye was sent to the eye clinic the next day and received 3 more return visits Well done
I went to this emergency department visit because I had
I went to Urgent Care (unreadable) my GP was not available Results none - next Urgent Care then they told me I should not be there. I was (unreadable) to be my own triage nurse!
I went to XXX by ambulance and was in surgery within a few hours I The doctors to my wife and daughter that there was a chance I Idn't survive. Not only did Dr XXXX save my life he The nurses in ICU are in my opinion angels. I've been in & out of the XXX most of XXXX so it seems. My last stay before this one was full of misdiagnosis of sepsis, doctors not knowing the facts, they walk around with their students and teach them nothing. XXX is still in the dark agents with nurses and doctors taking notes on scraps of paper, each patient should have a barcode on their wrist band, and an IBM thinkpad with all the patient's meds, medical history, allergies to drug, etc so when they (doctors/nurses) see a patient they have all the info )000000000(X
I went to XXX very scared and alone. I left smiling and a lot more comfortable with doctors. nurses and being admitted. PCA and nurses were amazing! They knew how to make me feel comfortable and listened well. Special mention of XXXX, XXXXXXXX, XXXXXXX XXXXX, XXXXXXX, XXXXX. ' ,•• the nurses that helped teach me about I ------- and how to change them. Amazing people every one! Doctor XXXXXXXXX was great. Porters also deserve mention as they all were very careful and calming.
I went to XXXXXXXXXX - transferred to XXX same day - when admitted taken to make shift patient care area - staff coped well but it was far from ideal + noisy staff Good - it was not a traumatic experience - next day transferred to regular hospital unit.
I wish I could have filled in more of the survey, but unfortunately
I wish I had got in a room faster than I did I waited 5 hours in the waiting room to be moved to the hallway on a bed to wait till surgery
I wish I had received this survey after my first emergency visit which was approximately one year ago That visit was very different from my visit after. That was actually the beginning of the health issues I am dealing with now and I could only describe it as an overall nightmare!!
I wish I was residing closer to XXX + Times there was no help where I reside. I'm making it I had heart surgery + no offense but my doctor doesn't do appt. My doctor has my ink off.
I wish I would have had a ultra sound on my stomach and x-ray on my back.
I wish that the hospital had more varied dietary options because while I was there I found it difficult to find food options that I was able to eat enjoy. *Due to being on a low
I wish the area which was outside was better situated. Maybe the could have a test set up outside as you wouldn't be standing at in the open for 1 or more hours till you got called into the hospital.
I wish the person in triage did not make a comment about the amount of medications I require. I know this to be true, however, I felt like she was judging me. Thank you!
I wish to especially note my doctors dedication. He had heard that I had experienced a pain crisis (due to my wanting get off the morphine ASAP, a mistake btw) and showed up at 10 pm to check on me. Clearly he had had a full day, looked very tired. but yet here he was checking on me at 10 pm. What a guy!!! Dr. XXXXXXX is a beautiful human being.
I wish you had sent this survey to me earlier so my memory would ahve been better re some questions.
I work at X. so I went to emerge with XXX was able to get back to work thanks to the emergency department. Resident was great & Dr. XXXXXXX (I think/ was excellent student nurse was also very sweet & XXX)0( is lovely! Thank you
I would certainly highly recommend XXX to anyone requiring hospital care.
I would feel very comfortable going to this hospital anytime
I would have appreciated more direction re: recovery, follow up, return to full activities as a redult of
I would have been happier if I was provided with more information regarding do's + don't's!
I would have liked to be able to take a number in order to see the triage nurse - I had to keep track of those there before me - not a big problem because there were only about 8-10 other patients. If there are many patients. this can be quite difficult.
I would have liked to have been discharged earlier however. I feel the entire process was as efficient as it could be based on how busy the department was that night I heard many children crying and the waiting room was packed when I arrived. There was a lot of communication between nurses
I would have liked to have seen my x-ray to see exactly where XXX
I would like everyone to know the ctors & nurses were very good My was very bad. The staff was very good.
I would like more information. I would like to have better friendliness with nurses/doctors.
I would like to add all the nurses did the best they could. but at times were stretched too far! Shortage of nurses! Also I found certain organizations ie the mentionable waste of food and plastic could certainly be improved!
I would like to comment on the complete team involvement from registering in emergency to discharge 911, admitting, nurse, student doctors, doctors, floor staff, x-ray, complete follow up on discharge, home care. Two operations in 2 weeks. not one Asprin. Al service.
I would like to emphasize that my surgery and following care at the X)0( in XXXXXXXX was in every sense a good experience.
I would like to have had a throat scan, to find out why I could not swallow as well as I could before surgery???
I would like to say thank you to the staff & doctor of XXX I wish I could find the right words for the way I was treated. I think that they thought I was royalty. WOW!!! I felt like a person that mattered. I told my family doc that I recommend them the XXX.
I would like to say thank you to all the drs, nurses and staff who have worked so hard during this problem with covid. Hopefully we are close to the end. God bless all of you. XXXXXXXXXX
I would like to see and have a person to cut toe nail here.
I would like to see better cleaning of the hospital as a whole Public bathroom areas & halls elevators & entrance need to be cleaned better & more often
I would like to see better communication between doctor, nurses and patients on what patients is allergic to.
I would like to see more cleaning staff doing cleaning. The bathrooms should have been cleaned more frequently
I would like to thank all of the staff for my great care.
I would like to thank all the nurses and my doctor Dr. XXXXX who is a great doctor
I would like to thank everyone for their professionalism shown to me while a patient at if...if...if...if.* Also I go to the iiilli iiiillfor outpatient treatment and I have nothing but good to say about all the people, doctors. nurses, XXXXXXXXXXX drugs + staff etc... Thank you for allowing me the time to fill this out. Kindest regards X
I would like to thank my own Dr. XXXXXX •   XXXXX and Dr. NN.O<XXXXXX for his very success I am at home now for six weeks. I would like say thanks as well to head nurse XXXXX + all her nurses + staff on the heart floor. XXXXXXXXXXXX Doing well.
I would like to thank the doctor who gave me a sandwich & a drink when I asked for something to eat. I am a diabetic & I haven't eaten since lunch time. I was so hungry feeling weak & dizzy Thank you
I would like to thank the doctors and the nurses They are doing a wonderful job. Nothing to complain. God bless.
I would not go back to XXX. 5013/0 of PSW & 40% of RNs were very disrespectful and some cruel. I had to endure this while having no place to turn. I felt I was not a member of my own healthcare family
I would not have been happen with my treatment. And staff were friendly, respectful, good at informing me as my condition + treatments KUDOS to them.
I would note the 3 days I was in the hospital the garbage was only emptied, my room was never cleaned and neither was the bathroom. The temperature was broke in the room and it was very hot, so the nurse had to get me a fan to keep cool. The temperature was not fixed until day I left, reported day I got there.
I would rate the ER care & treatment as excellent
I WOULD RECOMMEND THAT EACH PERSON INVOLVED WITH A PATIENT READ CAREFULLY ANYTHING THAT IS PREVIOUSLY WRITTEN. THERE WERE TOO MANY FINGERS IN THE PIE AND NOT VERY GOOD COMMUNICATION WITH THE NURSING STAFF.
I would recommend that the emergency department pay better attention to making sure ID bracelets are put on in triage
I wrote a e mail too XXX after I returned home from back surgery. In that e-mail I explained of the great care I received while a patient. As I said in my letter I commend all XXX stand from front doors to everyone that work there and with me at the hospital JOB WELL DONE. (XX).
Ian lucky I live in XXXXXXXX
Ica nswer any questions for my recent stay.
ICU care was excellent, the regular floor unit was very crowded, nurses worked very hard.
ICU doctors & nurses is XXX at its best - 7th floor is XXX at its worst It shouldn't be a (unreadable) awaiting placement There is a disconnect between XXX & providential care in patient treatment.
ICU nurses were amazing, with the exception of two.
ICU social worker excellent in helping to fill out trip cancellation forms + to provide family member accommodation in the hospital for 4 nights. all floor nurses, physiotherapist, home care coordinator were excellent.
ICU staff are amazing people. Kind, caring, compassionate nursing staff. Emotionally, very supportive & positive people there are not enough words for how amazing ICU staff were for our son & our family. We are very grateful!
ICU was excellent care 10th floor was good care 3rd floor was awful care (no care)
I'd give them a gold star!! I was extremely ill when I went into the ER. All hospital staff were professional & empathetic. Many departments worked together (including me in consultations) to determine procedures + follow up. Medical staff were amazing I worked as an XX for 40 years - it takes a lot to impress me. Any change and they were on it. Post discharge follow up teaching at a clinic were also very good. The only problem was related to covid that my husband could only visit every other day. The fact that there were no other visitors allowed + that the hospital (for the most part) was quiet, suited me just fine)
If a patient can't have certain foods they should not be given them. Coordination with approved menus recommended for each condition as appropriate.
If I don't go to Emerg by ambulance the triage nurse has no understanding of my rare disease and I sat for hours. By ambulance the team knows my diagnosis and I get immediate care.
If I ever need to have surgery again I would want to go here excellent all around
If I had not arrived by ambulance I know that my wait would have been much, much longer
If I had not had family assistance for commode and some basics it would not have been good Nursing staff caring but seemed so much paperwork that actual care really suffered.
If I had to pick one area needing improvement it would be more time with the dr to discuss the injury Thank you
If you don't know if they are male mister or female miss just send them with their name on the envelope that's very offensive to transgender people.
If you have a mistake happened like losing a dr. feels it is a game you stand up and go (unreadable) head then you are treated like you don't exist after that so my experience came down to one view affec al outcome of my discharge, dealing with So yes one person can create affect of everyone else's hard work very informed on what was known about my health issues but head of medical team has last word- Most upsetting that head guy has such say in e.
I'm (unreadable) XXXXXXXXXXXX & XX years & had knee surgery, and everything was looked after very good Thank you.
I'm a senior with complex medical issues. Young residents don't have the knowledge base to be able to make diagnosis.
I'm completely satisfied with my stay at the hospital SincerelyXXXXXXXXXXXX
I'm glad that we have excellent hospitals in XXXXXXXX. It inspires confidence in one's treatment.
I'm grateful that we have such a wonderful hospital in our community
I'm proud of the department
I'm sure the effort is made however the food is awful!! I don't know why they can't at least make the main course in house. The savings in wasted food would pay for staff to do the cooking.
I'm the husband answering this. I'm very satisfied in her stay. And care.
I'm XX and the nurse was concerned about my breathing. The hospital put me on a machine and nothing was wrong my breathing so they discharged me after about 4 hours. This was a struggle to that is why I didn't answer.
Impressed with the care and compassion that characterized my visit. (every step of the way) Thanks and kudos to all of the amazing staff members.
Impressed with the handling of my inability to reply to the questions they asked.
Improvement from my last stay. Food better. Whiteboard up to date staff seemed better trained.
Improvement in food that is given to you.
Improvement would involve faster/more compassionate triage, faster/more attentive care, health explanation of condition and imaging results, better discharge instructions and advice, and a physio therapist to fit my brace & give me exercises for my ankle.
In a private room for 7 days Excellent. In a ward for 3 days. Only women w. 3 men Not enjoyable. Loss sleep The washroom door was 6" from a patient's bed. Very uncomfortable.
In addition to Fined / nursing staff, I found the diet my and housekeeping + portering staff very courteous and pleasant. This made my hospital stay of 10 days much more bearable. I am a Staff in various departments eg xray, MRI + ECG answered questions + were aware of my my pain level + need to be as comfortable as possible.
In all instances I and my wife were treated with courtesy. respect, and good humor I spent two nights in a hallways spot in emergency, because there were not enough beds. I then spent two nights in a room before being released I can not praise all staff members highly enough!
In emergency left sitting in chairs for 6 s when needed to lay down due to
In general - XXX is excellent as far as assistance & patient needs re testing & procedures My complaint is the filth, lack of cleanliness and the inability of nurses to properly care for patients due to 1 overcrowding - not only with patients and beds but also with 2 equipment everywhere 3 Lack of properly trained support staff - 4 To few nurses 5 Almost complete lack of cleanliness on the wards Specialty areas & staff were top notch and amazing. Nursing ward staff needs help cleaning staff is horrendous or non existent I refused to use washroom so nurses cleaned it
In general I was very pleased and felt like everyone did the best they could. Just felt like communication from my dr's could have been better. Two surgeries within the time I was in on the same thing could have been avoided I feel.
In general the nurses seemed very lackadaisical about about resetting and monitoring and even plugging in the noisy and annoying monitors everyone seemed connected to. Definite bad marks.
In general the staff was OK but did not help me with feeding my children had to come in and also my children changed my bedding when I was in soiled sheets.
In general the XXXXXXXXXX urgent care center is an excellent center to receive care It has a very different atmosphere than XXX - the XXXX is great for non life threatening health issues - is perfect place to receive good care.
In general was pretty well taken care of. But saw a difference in nursing attitude to more elderly patients - not very well, listened to or no compassion for them.
In general, the staff was really very good + caring. Wait times were my biggest concern.
In hindsight, I was discharged prematurely since I had to be readmitted two days later, but this was probably not predictable when I was discharged. In all, I thought the hospital performed excellently.
In hospital for (unreadable) which were (unreadable) treated before discharge was considered
In hospital over night released in morning very good care
In ICU when you ask where your husband is and nurse says they cant get a hold of him. Please actually try calling them instead of saying you did. Out of ICU I can't remember what floor I was on but when nurses say they will be right back they should be instead of waiting for an hour for them to come back.
In most ways, my treatment at the hospital was excellent. Only two areas were inadequate. 1. Cleanliness. My room & bathroom was not cleaned in the 48 hours I was there. In the first 24 hours, the trash was not picked up and there was a diaper in the trash. 2. This was a surgical floor, but even so, there seemed to be no effort to me at night time dark & quiet.
In my 10 day stay once I was feeling better got to order my food twice. The ordering of food was terrific They came in twice otherwise you got whatever. Very poor system
In my life time I never was a hospital and did not know what to expect. The staff and doctors made my experience quite nice.
In my many admissions I have always had excellent care
In my opinion I believe the RNs were over stretched with little time to send with individual patients. Staff who smoked during breaks brought me much stress from residual on their uniforms.
In my opinion XXX is one of the best hospital that I stayed in. Thank you all for the best care I received. Thank you all
In my opinion, is, and always will be, the best in XXXXXXXX because all staff, including security, CARPI!
In order to get all the information I felt I needed, I had to ask a lot of questions, as opposed to doctors offering that info first (unreadable) of doctors meant some repetition and delay in getting test results till team had been consulted. I understand it is a teaching hospital and appreciated the best service possible.
In retrospect, my problem wasn't serious. Tests were ordered that I did not know about. I was happy they were ordered but it wasn't explained to me at the time. However. I am very happy to have such a competent, qualified emergency dept close by. No complaint from my side
In severe pain (arm) offered Tylenol by nurse - never received nor saw nurse again Attended by resident - never seen by ER physician. Resident And - they forgot about usll Though the resident did apologize Overall, this was not a positive experience - quite frustrating - no resolution
In some ways. my hospital stay was a nice break from the humdrum of covid 19 life, not that I want to go through my heart procedure again! PS the salmon was terrible!
In spite of COVI❑ care was excellent.
In the most ''challenging" times I believe the entire staff & XXX deserve much credit for their obvious professionalism and dedication to helping fellow citizens such as myself! Thank you!!
In the times we are having, they are doing an excellent job The department is very efficient   General and caring.
In todays world, the emergency dept perform under very strenuous circumstances, and are to be held in high regard for the service They provide they are always there when needed Well done!!!
In triage dept could you use the no system people are unsure who is to be seen before them.
In XXXX my stay was horrible - bad food - decent doctors and only 2 out of 10 nurses were horrid. The improvement is immense! Fantastic nurses in CCU, reat (unreadable) than 24 hrs in (unreadable). Doctor T! Very open, very much discussing my probably exacerbated the illness. (unreadable) to XXXXX & XXXXXXX & Dr. XXXXXX - wonderful. amazing
Inconsistency of care Very problematic e.g. I'd missed a pain medication as I was asleep but not allowed one as ''it wasn't time for the next one" (despite being 3 hrs late in an prescribed!) Another nurse had no problem swap me the drug. Responsiveness a real problem. Sat 45 mins on a bed pan despite many calls 1 + applied all the time.
Incredibly impressed. Care was awesome.
infections in this area. I proceeded to self medicate with satisfactory outcome using non- XXXXXXX protocols.
Information about scar care - massage, breaking up the tissue would have been helpful - when and how to proceed
Initially my visit started with a visit to emerg but stretched out to a 3 112 day stay due to it being on a weekend I was treated well and professionally by a competent staff.
Insanely busy drs + nurses were amazing considering ppl + patients + stretchers everywhere - could hardly move.
intern - it was painful. After 3 days a doctor finally listened
involved were very understanding nad helpful especially XXXXXXXXXXXXX The one lady cleaner for my room was the best I have to say in a hospital
is a wonderful hospital The doctors & nurses are wonderful
is an amazing facility. Always treated with compassion & care
is the best
It appears to me that emerg could use more room
It be nice to have more care in the ER. I know it's during the pandemic and not enough staff. but it was hours before I was told I was getting into a room then getting into the room.
It did not take long to find out what was wrong with me. Three things. But on the way to recovery when I went home. Thanks. XXXXXX
It did take a long time to get test results (my impression). Was admitted, no beds, stayed 2 nights on a stretcher in a cold room in the emergency department. Thanks to XXXXXXXXXXXX for his changes to healthcare. XXX
It felt pointless
It has got better since - it started. Dr. XXX as made a big difference. I XXX
It is difficult to know how to answer some of the ■  s when I was admitted to XXXXXXX had for a short stretch of time my head wasn't working too well, I didn't comprehend completely where I was. or why. I was thankful. for the care I received during my stay in the hospital )00000IXXXX
It is my opinion and my family the nurses and doctors saved my life and set me back on the right tack. Thank you is not enough.
It is over crowded but they do the very best they can and the nurses and other staff are amazingly kind, considerate and helpful.
It is reassuring to know that the surgery and care would be done professionally with great care afterwards No anxiety or fear for me!!!
It is the worst hospital I have been in - they were very nasty with me in emergency I plan to move to XXXXXXX to bere a better hospital to go to I have
It is too bad no orthopedic doctors are in emerg until after 4:30 pm due to hospital commitments in surgery so had to wait 3 1/2 hours to see doctor. The last time I received one of these surveys was for my father after he died in hospital. Pretty bad practice if you ask me.
It is very reassuring to know that this fantastic hospital is available to me.
It quite an experience as I was
It really is not a good place to be
It really takes too long before a doctor sees you & I understand they are busy but -
It seems like some nurses don't want to care for you.
It should only be for emerg. problems, not a doctor visit Personal busy (overworked)
It takes to long 4 to 6 hours before I get out.
It takes to long to be admitted from emerg to a room. Overall good service thank
It took 3 day before I could brush my teeth and wash my face. I had and I could have use a good wash all over sooner.
It took a long time to see a doctor but I wasn't a patient in need of urgent attention. No bleeding, concussion or hear/breathing issues.
It took too long
It took two days for dr's to control my knee surgery pain - unacceptable. I was supposed to go home about maximum 1 night was in hospital for 3.5 days!!! Also ... discharge messed up by resident. Got knee wrong and coeds wrong. Had to wait 4 hrs until he got out of surgery to correct paperwork. Surgeon was great. His ''shadows" not so much!!!
It took way too long for surgery.
It was a bit more complicated than the survey form allowed for. The survey cover letter referred to my visit to on and I have answered in that context. But on the advice of my family doctor, I first went to )0000000(XXX on the previous evening (XXXXXXXXXXX) due to XXX  This latter was the visit that this survey refers to. My interaction with the doctor on XXXXXXXXXXX was very brief and focused only on the results of the ultrasound.
It was a busy night, but the staff were great. friendly. They did a great job, need more staff No more cut backs Thank you
It was a complete 180 degree difference from a stay 10 years ago. so good I plan to repeat it with the
It was a good visit and helpful. The doctor was good. We were glad we went. One of my doctors was on call that day in the hospital. The emergency doctor was able to talk with her so that helped a lot. Thank you.
It was a great hospital and everyone was real nice to me and they was very caring and they helped me always.
It was a job well done. There was no physio prescribed after the operation!!
It was a minor procedure that relieved discomfort XXX was removed painlessly!
It was a stressful and long visit. I felt forgotten about and had to wait 7 hours for a needle that could have taken 5 minutes. There were people yelling & being belligerent. I went in at midnight & left at 7 AM. It was the worst experience I hope this will improve (PS I was told 3 hrs max)
It was a very impressive experience as far as hospitals go. They clearly explained what had happened to me and advised me in following up.
It was a very satisfactory experience. The doctors, nurses, etc. were very friendly and professional
It was a very satisfying stay. Except your food could be upgradedl
It was a waste of time.
It was as pleasant as a hospital stay could be - treatment was done in a caring manner. Completed with help of his wife.
It was awful to be there without my wife!!! Damn covid I needed her for many things but mainly for support and to help make decisions when I was not doing well All staff were GREAT!!! The coed room wasn't! It was noisy in the hall
It was because of OR XXXXXXXXXXX's quick action & diagnosis that I am still here today. The staff at XXX are second to none. I cant say thank you enough. The people at XXX was like a well oiled machine wanting to better for the betterment of the patients.
It was best visit to emergency department ever. Was very well treated and looked after. Ambulance staff were extremely   General professional, very kind & courteous.
It was busy so things ran behind in the morning I was not an emerg patient so I was not surprised I was brought in late
It was crowded.
It was during COVID 19 & the opthalmologist did not come down to see me ... which I understand. But they have not been able to see me for follow-up. Leaving me still concerned for my vision.
It was during COVID and it was very well organize for safety and distancing.
It was during the Covid-19, on a XXXXXX afternoon. and only 1 patient was ahead of me.
It was excellent met a lot of new nurses + students
It was excellent physio @ hospital was somewhat weak. After physio was excellent (at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX) enjoyed stay as much as you can.
It was excellent.
It was fine!
It was fine. Those folks treated me well. They did a good job..
It was frustrating having residents because some were A not compassionate B too high on their horse C different info than dr. would give.
It was great
It was great staff. Thank you. XXXX>00(XXXX
It was great. The staff were excellent. triage was quick that morning when it opened. I've had to wait much longer times for other visits, especially in the evening, but this visit was perfect. Note. A few of the questions in the survey were not applicable, but that isn't an option, so I just chose yes or no at a few points. It would be nice if the pre-triage area was larger. Perhaps the building can be extended to support a larger triage area and give folks some distance between each other.
It was hard to find first area to go to. That being blood work. Went to 2nd floor, down to 1st for blood work and back to 2nd floor for procedure.
It was much better than I expected.
It was not busy when I went in so I was finished in 2 hrs. They were all friendly to me. That's the fastest I ever got through WOO=
It was not to bad but sometime it is me who was a pain in the butt, but for the rest, it was okay >00000(
It was so bad I was gasping for breath.
It was the best I was in • ** in XXXXXXXXX an I thought it was the best but hands down XXXXXXXXX was treated like a king. The best place in the world. Thank you. XXXXXXXXXXX.
It was the best stay I have ever had in a hospital.
It was too long ago. This survey should have been within a week of discharge.
It was unexpected and mostly for observation.
It was unexpected major surgery I'm alive because of the surgeon and the nursing staff did the best they could with far too few nurses.
It was very busy at the XXX the evening I was admitted. Dr. XXXXXXXXX was excellent Nurses were professional & knowledgeable - excellent care Fortunate to have a hospital - a little understaffed I thought
It was very fast professional care. All questions answered.
It was very good. fast and professional
It was very nice, very well done
It was very pleasant.
It was XXXXXXXX so maybe that affected the overall experience.
It went very well
It would have been more reassuring to myself & daughter (XXXXX) to be allowed to speak to the triage nurse as I presented myself with heart symptoms at XX yrs. old. I must say the dr. was great keeping in touch with my daughter (phone) as to the procedure and tests thanks for all you do.
It would have been nice if I got to see the doctor more often the nurses staff have always been great and should get more credit for what they do
It would have been nice to have had some   e i =.ving the hospital and !so a diet plan for eat what you want doesn't cut it and to be left to get out of the hosp. without an escort was a little cold!
It would have ben nice if the names, side effects and reasons for giving that particular medication had been made very clear each time it was given.
Its a very busy place The wait times are very long but everyone was nice
Its all good. XXX is and will be recommended by us forever X
Its been years since I've stayed at a hospital, and I was a bit nervous going in, but I came out extremely impressed with the level of dedication, kindness, and professionalism of all doctors, nurses, and staff I met.
It's wonderful place to be when you are not well + not all to keep up going places.
I've experienced several treatments and procedures at this hospital over the past 20 years and each would rate as this experience has been rated. I'm currently on a wait list for another procedure and I fully expect the experience to be of equal quality and value.
I've never felt any discomfort from my operation/none whatsoever I'm really happy Dr. XXXXXXX introduced me to Dr. XXXX. Awesome staff all around XXXXXXXXXXXX
I've used XXX ER twice in the last couple of months. Both times I was put in the waiting room in front of people while I was XXX thought communication was lacking at time.
Just a little more information to go home with about after care as its tough not having family there to help remember the information during the pandemic times.
Just a quick note about communication It broke down a bit between the surgical team + the hospital team. The surgery did not end until midnight but there was no communication in that the hospital team understood that the catheter was to come out but it was supposed to stay in That was the only misfire
Just all I have indicated in this survey Excellent care thanks!
Just keep up the good work and treat everyone the same )00000000=
Just that I had excellent care, nurses were the best. Best stay ever in a hospital.
Just the meals not the best
Just the wait times are long.
Just very helpful Very well treated
Just waiting for appointment for further testing -
Just wish time to be seen was shorter because I am not one to go to ER unless absolutely necessary and my pain was very bad and needed attention.
Keep up good work.
Keep up the excellent work!
Keep up the great work!
Keep up the great work!!
Keep up with good job.
Keep washrooms cleaner Have cleaners completely clean, toilet, shower and all areas of floors on a daily basis.
Kidd 4 Not so good for orthopedic floor. bed only goes down so far toward floor - not so good for shorter people. No stools to put feed up on. bed rail on bottom side of bed sticks out hitting your legs when getting into bed. Hard to get into wheelchair to go to physio department. Needed help to lift me up.
Kind compassionate capable staff - nursing, doctors, echo technician x-ray technician and pacemaker clinic staff. Also met liaison staff for follow up at XXX arrhythmia clinic.
Kudos to the paramedics that took me to ennerg. The staff were amazing and caring on an extremely busy day.
l am here today to fill out this form due to the excellent teamwork of XXX staff in providing emergency care.
Lack of communication between residents & patients, 6:30 AM rounds not adequate. Noise on floor at night needs to be addressed. Lack of basic nursing care. Food needs to be improved. Nurses are stretched to the limit.
Lack of communication cause me to go 27 hrs w/o eating more than one time and I was required to provide myself with food if I wanted to eat UNACCEPTABLE!
Lack of communication from staff to staff
Lack of communication with my family caused a great deal of stress & upset -
Lack of immediate care! First time/by ambulance. No attention - worst. XXX emerg. 2x was worst experience.
Lack of parking dramatically increased my anxiety pre op when my husband + I arrived, (unreadable) morning, garage was full. We had to drive around + ound for half an hour My OR time Food was terrible Good thing I was only there for one night 1
Lack of privacy - ward clerk announce loudly in front of visitors. staff, patients "She (me) can't be here - she's on isolation. In ER - I went approx 12 hrs before being cleaned after being incontinent of both - I was unable to do myself On the whole - I was very happy, contented satisfied with my care! Nursing and housekeeping were very respectful.
Last day nurse let my pain get out of control. Room was never cleaned bed was never change 3 days
Last night brought a patient from a private room. So noisy at night I had to wear ear plugs which helped some. Why was I put at a discomfort along with 2 others
Last three hasp. stays nurses too loud & chatty on night shifts!!
Last visit sat in waiting room for 2 112 hrs before being called. Dr. XXXXX was very pleasant and helpful. We appreciated it thank You
Left alone & too long outside of x-ray - post op - with IV/drainage/in wheel chair on high dose of hydro morphine
Left without Rx as staff busy with critical care needed attention.
Less wait time for help
Life, (unreadable), is like a cup of tea; the more heartily we drink the sooner we reach the drips. To live is like to love all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it. From J.M Barvue and Samuel Butlen (Famous writers)
Like I said (last time) anyone complains about the food, tell them to fly Air Transit, or Canada, and they will change there mind. Thank you XXXXXXXX
like to thank Dr XXXXXXX and hospital staff for saving my life special treatment
Little or no information was provided about accessing home nursing or ersonal help at home. I did not have a bowel nno► -  t before being discharged. NO ONE should be allowed to be discharged from any hospital after having any surgery without having a proper bowel movement.
Long wait time for surgery.
Long wait time is the most frustrating complaint.
Long waits in emergency and dirty area of hospital.
Major kudos to nursing staff - They could not have been kinder or more efficient Dr XXXXXXXXXXX is brilliant I am beyond thrilled with the outcome of my back surgery
Male & female patients should not be in the same room. Also, if a patient has private coverage then they should be allowed a private room. Nurses & PSW people were extremely busy & trying their best under fiscal constraints. Kitchen on Connell 9 is in bad repair.
Male emergency doctor was terrible I could not breath. He wanted to send me home at 3 AM. Not happy.
Man in bed beside me played western movie on radio day & night. Couldn't sleep & drove me crazy. Nurse told him to turn it down but once gone - radio was turned back up. Tried to move to vate room but none available.
Many food orders have lids which were difficult to open with either no tabs or tabs which were covered up entirely. Even visitors couldn't open them. Finally used a fork.
Many thanks
Many, many years ago, I 'Since that time I have always felt very uncomfortable being in the hospital for any reason. However, my time spent there recently was for the most part a very positive experience in the main because of the excellent staff. Both the nurses and doctors XXXXX and XXXXX were very caring and compassionate in their care of and attitude toward me. I am very grateful for all the excellent care I ived!
Mattress extremely uncomfortable especially when you are already have back problem
MD CCFP returned XXXXXXXXXX
Meal portion sizes - too small
Meals are not the best. Delivered cold not always what you ordered.
Meals are terrible, garbage & deter from patients return to health. Lost weight cannot improve with unappetizing offerings. Long wait for porter on discharge.
Meals are terrible. Need improvement in all area was in room XXX am till XXX bed not changed
Meals could be better CT her then that everything was ok
Meals could be better. Cleaning staff should clean room & bathroom more often.
Meals were adequate
Meals were generally tasteless and usually served lukewarm at best.
Meals were very good - but the tea was terrible - always lukewarm water to steep tea bag.
Medications: cleaner instructions to nursing staff to discontinuing brining medications that have been advised to stop. This info not listed on medications sheet. Always have to argue with nurses not to give me these pills. Very upsetting when not feeling well
Menu should be looked into as to position size, some people have bigger appetites. Size should be by choice.
More assistive to showers only had 1 in 12 days, because a patient went home and we got to use the shower before the bed was taken again. More washrooms would be nice XX)00(XX
More cleanlimess is necessary on a daily basis at XXXI 'Staff were very sympathetic. Severe pain everyday. Discharged from XXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXX Dancing + driving SUV as f
More cleanliness.
More communication between nurses and doctors would be nice. Nursing students were really kind and do a job well done.
More communication is needed between the floor (nursing staff) + surgery when going to a bed post surgery.
More effort could be taken to enure nursing staff is more familiar on how im.. .nt it is to have CPAP gear
More funding required!!
More information relayed to patient regarding narcotic pain killer drugs - and possible side effects!
More provincial funding for hospitals/emergency care facilities
More staff
More triage nurses and seating.
More attention to a patient's dietary needs would have been appreciated - perhaps food made on site would have solved the problem.
Most drs and nurses went the extra mile to help me understand what was happening and why
Most nursing staff were attentive and compassionate - with two notable exceptions, whoever rude and condescending Most medical staff were kind in the one on one - but never announced their work, and for the most part too busy to listen to my questions I appreciated most of the residents, with the exception of some IMG's (International (unreadable) Graduates) who: 1) Had very poor interpersonal skills - on behavioral medicine knowledge + skills 2) Could not speak English well enough to explain medications Poor working knowledge of English!
Most of the questions do not apply. I had vision symptoms that my optometrist indicated should be looked at right away at the emergency ophthalmology clinic at XX. After nearly 3 hours at the XX emergency I saw a doctor who said she had made me an appointment for the next day. I did not see a nurse thus many of the questions are irrelevant but there is no answer to so indicate. I was treated very thoroughly at the eye clinic the next day but left wondering why I had to wait so long in emergency to hear that an appointment had been made. I answered all the questions but I do not think this questionnaire is particularly valid in my case. Most of the answers should be ignored.
Mostly dealt with the nurses who did an excellent job Very impressed considering how busy they are
Mostly only saw Interns. asked for Dr's. but rarely came...as my specialist was away for a couple weeks. One Oncology Dr. was so rude and abrupt it was disgusting.
mother stayed 2 weeks for tests, s e lwe were very confused with the communication with the team Different outcome each day about her condition, the team needs to be more organized before informing patients on a daily basis
moving to a room late at night was very confusing - sending him home at 1015 pm on stormy night was totally upsetting being told by nurse prac he needed to be admitted to long term care you needed to XXX and everyone help to pay for stay was totally uncalled for kudos to XXXXXXXXXXXX charge nurse in Emerge for her compassion, concern and keeping family informed very professional
Much more satisfying than my supposed family doctor
My  D/C report did not reflect medications and stop or start. Unclear whether to continue previous pain meds and acute pain meds Resident needs to check D/C report.
My (planned) surgery was for Admission for the surgery was through the XXXXXX. The XXXX was extremely hectic: noisy, loud, busy, impersonal. rushed (albeit well organized). Given the seriousness of the surgery it left both myself and my family caretakers (Mother and Father) very anxious. Using the XXXX for (relatively minor) out patient' surgery is fine. Using it for serious surgery (15 hrs in the operating room) where a long after-surgery in-hospital stay is preplanned, is not a reassuring/comforting start.
My (unreadable) I retired in XXXXXXXX because of your fantastic health care. God bless! XXXXXXXXXXXX food hasn't change much except for the Tim Horton!!! Oh yes!
My 2 days on ward - never slept as other patients were very sick and noisy. My 5 days in semi private never slept as patient in other bed had dementia and was up and down all night putting off the bed alarm. The bathroom was so small I could not get (unreadable) with my walker Room was very cold. Air conditioner ran all the time and no extra blankets available
My ability to get a private room greatly affected my stay quality at the hospital. The private room made my recovery much more peaceful and enjoyable.
My admission and hospital stay was great It was getting my admission and stay in the ER that was horrible - little to no communication, no assistance while I was in pain and felt that was being (unreadable) as this was my 3rd trip to the ER in under 2 weeks. I had difficulty with pain management - thus la as drug seeking
My admission was for open heart surgery, at a time when covid 19 had limitations on personal and business activities. I was very thankful XXX took extra special precautions to protect its staff and patients.
My age is XX years Some memory loss The worst experience is just sitting around waiting
My answers as XXXXXXXXX's parent are influenced by the fact
My arrival at Emergency and Triage was worst I have ever had. When I he lady at the counter told me they were very busy and didn't check anything again If this survey was solely on the staff before seeing drs + nurses in Emerg I would give it the bust rating 2 people went ahead of me at the 2nd desk which I understand is by triage but then the lady left me waiting while she discussed an incident from a different shift (unreadable)
My biggest complaint would be the meals. Only once someone came into ask me what I would like off the menu. I was so impressed with my meal that night I was amazed! I was really good. he only time that I had enough to eat. The only other thing is the same as every hospital. That is the recycling. It is absolutely horrendous the amount of waste. You're welcome. Hope it helps.
My blood results misplaced.
My broken wrist was uncomplicated - While your survey is quite thorough it lacks any questions surrounding privacy I heard + saw more than what I consider appropriate. My own cast was applied in a busy hallway.
My care in hospital was very good, however the quality of the meals was not good The server people were very good.
My care in ICU at was excellent and I was very happy
My care was excellent had to XXX very sympathetic with me.
My care was excellent. )0000000(
My care was exceptional - maybe because I was the only patient being triaged (COVID I think)
My care was given to certain nurses whom I became trusted in their professionalism was exemplary well done  )00000000M
My concerns were my doctor released me at 10 am and my release papers from the nurse's desk was not ready until 5 pm.
My day nurse on Kidd 4 was nasty. Her lack of compassion and empathy made my unpleasant, to say the least. I land her attitude was hard to endure. She was cruel in the way she insisted I get up and asserted her power over me. Although I asked her, she would not give me any support, including advice on how to do it to minimize the pain. I was so pleased to transfer quickly to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX where, from the time of my arrival until I was discharged. I received the support and compassion I needed from the nurses, aids, physiotherapists and OTs. * I appreciated the support, compassion and kindness of my physiotherapist and his assistant at XXX. They were excellent. I would have enjoyed seeing them more often. * I really don't know how I could ever thank Dr. XXXXXXXX nough for the amazing work he did on and also my anesthetist, XXXXX, who was there for me during my spinal. She comforted me and made me feel totally safe in her hands.
My discharge event was not pleasant. I felt that they just wanted me out - at 430 pm There was no communication telling me that I was being discharged It just happened!!!
My discharge was very disorganized, because of the young, heavily overworked nurse on the floor. Other than the discharge procedure was so disorganized.
My doctor (surgeon) did a wonderful job.
My doctor retired XXXXXXXXX Hope I will soon get a new doctor
My doctor was fantastic. The triage nurse was not overly friendly/compassionate. Overall, I was pleased with my care.
My doctor was great! She went beyond what was required of her.
My doctor's English was awful very hard to understand her.
My emergency department visit was during the Covid-19 pandemic in. I believe, Stage 2 of re-opening.
My emergency visit was excellent!! Fast diagnosis great staff!! Thank you
My enrierg ery went very well and I was surprisedi 40 years ago The care was excellent both nurses and doctors.
My experience was very different before and after I was moved to a semi private room. Some assessments average these experiences. The earlier experiences were usually Pad, since one of the patients had Alzheimer's and was obstreperous This was not the fault of the hospital, but I have another complaint A new admission was interviewed loudly and extensively in the middle of the night Not only was this disruptive, but it showed no concern for the privacy of the new patientl
My family doctor had just retired otherwise I would not have needed to use your excellent services. My visit was completely satisfactory. )000000000(X
My family finds the demeanor of the ambulance crew rather insulting at first introduction. It is as it we were imposing on them by calling them. This is not the first encounter with this attitude.
My family were called in from XXX. They were very impressed with the staff and the hospital. They all said XXXXXXXX has nothing comparable to XXXI Well donel
My father and my mother before me, and myself have always had top ratings for XXX and their doctors and nurses and even the porter for the best care possible and a positive and clean environment. Also I have to say I have always enjoyed the good food
My first day I only received decaf coffee for breakfast (I hate coffee) The little lady who brought it was surprised I did not drink it told her I do not do coffee or tea & she seemed surprised as for (unreadable) all I was getting •ecaf or tea 5 years ago I had This also happened in XXXXXX Hospital so not particular to XXX
My first doctor was insensitive & rude & flip. (Dr. XXX) Thank him for not operating on me.
My first room. The lady was next to me was very difficult my care suffered. The nurses did the best they could.
My gratitude forever. XXXXXXXXXX
my head. This was done great expertise and care, also had sent my family doctor for further conversations with me.
my health (unreadable) age, always put in a room with 3 other patients and room was too small, + always had to get husband to help with a shower. Staff never asked or helped at
My hospital care was a wonderful experience Thank you!
My hospital experience was overall positive but the worst part of my health care experience was the prolonged wait for surgery. Wait times MUST decrease!!!
My hospital stay as very pleasant. My doctors and nurses took very good care of me and all my needs.
My hospital stay was a good experience.
My hospital stay was excellent and the immediate follow up after leaving the hospital for home could not have been better Much appreciated )0000000000( PIS Than you Dr. XXXXXXX for your excellent guidance
My hospital stay was excellent. The only negative aspect was that the day after the surgery members of the surgeon's team thought I might go home later that day. I was visited by three members of the team with long gaps in between (apparently it was a crazy day on the ward) so that in the end I stayed another night. That worked out well because I really needed the extra day. I have had two major surgeries at XXX and am really pleased at how well I have been treated by all the staff.
My hospital stay was fairly uncomplicated in that I required my little medical intervention. My only negative was with a resident. who I felt disregarded my knowledge of my own condition and spoke more authoritatively than he should have.
My hospital stay was in XXXXXXXXX & cardiac all staff were excellent caring people.
My hospital stay was surprising won .e reat, happy nurses! But, e long delays in (surgeries) may cost me my life.
My hospital stay was very relaxing thanks to the doctors. students & nurses they made me feel at easy & t way all the stress of having I pone. Thank you to all involved.
My husband & mother were very impressed with how friendly & helpful everyone was They are not familiar with the hospital & needed assistance with directions several times.
My husband had a serious heart incident on XXXXXX with further complications & was hospitalized for approx 7 wks in cardiac sciences unit & davies 3 - I was under a lot of stress at the time. He recovered!! Due to the excellent care at XXX.
My husband had come by ambulance & little waiting room across x-ray. The rest had cracked upholstery, it had a open sore.
My initial visit was for my husband when the nurse & doctor noticed I was also hurt before coming to emerg) they looked after me right away. they were amazing! Very compassionate & thorough
My injury needed a follow up appt with ortho This appt was to be called to me The follow up happens because I called after not hearing from clinic x 2 wks (was told I would hear within the week This overnight d id delay recovery somewhat
My in-room nurse XXXXXXXXXXX was wonderful! Very knowledgeable, efficient, caring and calm.
My ins covers single bed/room Never received 3 & 4 bed wards are the worst No sleep possible
My last four visits pertained to the same issue. The diagnosis wasn't clear on the first two visits. The third and fourth visit they did surgeries to correct the problems.
My last stay at XXX was good, as were my 2 previous stays. Good care, good nurses & doctors. Thanks to all who helped me.
My last stay went well When I was in the hospital in XXXXXXXX - one dr. was quite rude Apart from that, I find the XXX, a good hospital Thank you
My last visit was the quickest and most efficient one I have ever had.
My longest wait was waiting for doctor to come back after my tests to tell me the results and explain them & release me. My care was excellent cause I know how busy they are. Thank you
My name is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I go by XXXXXX - so I would like to be addressed by my proper name XXXXXX I have been XXXXXX for XX years
My night nurse XXXXXX took very good care of me. She seemed have more time to spend on me than the 2 day nurses.
My nurse in day shift ICU because of oceds cant remember her name was exceptional My over all experience was excellent Thank you for all you did for me
My nurse XXXX was excellent very caring
My only complaint about my stay is that the meals were all terrible, and I consider myself to not be a fussy eater.
My only complaint deals with a medical student who told me to "go home and forget this happened, live yon ormal life" I had first been not appreciate his negative remarks Hope she matures before she graduates I would have appreciated some emotional support in accepting this diagnosis.
My only complaint was between administration and doctors after procedure I was informed I would be going home on XXXXXXXX, then (unreadable) I was finally released XXXXXX at this point in time I had another person to guarantee my release, no he was helpful however the mess up XXXXXXXX was very stressful I could not have better care from nurses, very little interaction with the doctors but admin + release from the hospital was awful.
My only complaint was my room I was in for gyne/uro surgery = was in a room with mother/newborn babies I understand that my have been the only option - but not deal
My only complaint was that my husband was not notified of my surgery until it was over and I was out of recovery. I know that covid was a factor but he should have been called before to let him know. Otherwise it was a great experience and all the staff were wonderful.
My only complaint was waiting to be called about surgery time I was put on "standby" which is very unnerving and it was not explained well why I was But don't eat after midnight or takes coeds and we may call you or not. Not great for high blood patients!!!
My only concern was the time between when I was told I could leave to actually leaving was 6 hours - no doctor available.
My only concern was the wheel chair used when I left. I had a  and the wheel chair was small. short and hard to get out of.
My only real concern was being placed in a private room with a pt. with though my plan coverage is for private room, I can understand that none were available on this floor. However, I show e been moved to a room at risk. My pleas about this were to no avail.
My operation was done by 11 am. I had to wait in recovery until 7:30 pm until the person in my bed left. The person had been discharged at noon but for some reason they didn't leave, or wouldn't leave the room. I was not impressed about that
My overall experience in XXX was great Incredibly people work there Drs were best ever
My overall experience was good however I was the last patient admitted and waited over 3 hours to be seen by a doctor. At that point I was tired and couldn't really explain my concerns thoroughly The doctor addressed my need efficiently. If I was in the situation of having to go to the emergency clinic that late again I would choose XXX since it is opened 24/7. Thanks.
My overall experiences was very good - the staff were all great, very attentive and compassionate.
My overall stay for my surgery was great. The staff were very caring & kept me informed. The only issue was the day nurse did not follow up on my discharge which delayed it for several hours with the shift change.
My oxygen level low I have sleep apnea No one thought to put it on I was out. Next bed got his but I didn't till I got to room.
My personal physician was concerned This no doubt expedited early care. The diagnosis was ruled out in about 2 hours. The outstanding care and attention lasted the entire stay which was 27 hours
My physics XXXX & XXXXX got me up & walking the next day. With my home care physic after 4 months I am walking without any help Overall experience was fantastic Thank you all
My room was dirty when arrived and never cleaned only garbage picked up. Bathroom never cleaned during stay.
My room was small & cluttered Boring thru weekends
My room was to hot to sleep in ... Could of got afford a fan to cool down the room so i did not get sick to my stomach ..
My room, bathroom and shower room for the wing did not appear to be cleaned or disinfected during my 1 week stay. My room after surgery was dirty (garbage can overflowing onto the floor). Problematic especially during Covid.
My s t your hospital was for heart surgery. Dr XXXXX)0000( & his support staff were awesome and my recovery is going well. I have a second chance for life. What more can I say. Thank you, thank you!
My stay (in my most recent visits to XXX was very satisfying and I have no complaints. I was very well treated No complaints Thank you X>00000000( (>000000000(XX)
My stay + experience gave me a great appreciation of this aspect of our health care system.
My stay at hospital was during COVID19 no family members were allowed in to bring any kind of clothing or medical supplies.
My stay at the hospital was excellent. The staff was there at al times when needed The food was not to bad considering it's not cooked in the hospital anymore
My stay at the hospital was not very good Arrived at the hospital at 6 O'clock am was told not to have breakfast When doctors & others had taken tests & other things. I was taken to another large room to wait for a bed This room was very large It had a lot of beds. Some empty others filled I was still waiting for bed and next thing I knew the first group attendance where leaving. I then realized group where leaving shift change I'm still waiting for a bed. Still no food The next shift came in. I finally called over a lady in a uniform & told her about my problem she wasn't to happy next thing she left the room and came back and things will be better. Not long after that my suitcase was put at the bottom of my bed Then a few minutes later a young man came in to take me to a room! Hurray? No breakfast XXXX)<XXXXXX
My stay at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Hospital was very pleasant
My stay at XXX, also my family during visitation was excellent. The staff was very considerate and helpful.
My stay in emergency was hard. Cramped loud. Confusing because of past strokes. Speech problems
My stay in hospital was great. My procedure was to be completed on XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. Every day I received a call advising that the procedure was postponed and I fasted every day until XXXXXX. That day I did not see the doctor until 4:30 PM and I was told that my procedure was delayed until the next day A very angry doctor was not impressed with my lays. Treatment was not very good for someone
My stay in hospital was helped by the caring staff. I was treated exceptionally well by all with whom I came in contact. I have nothing but good to say about all the staff with whom I came in contact. My thanks to them all.
My stay in hospital was very short so some of the answers though truthful may not reflect normal conditions ie #8.
My stay in the cardiac sciences unit was fantastic The nurses were absolutely amazing and made a very difficult time easier to handle. However, when I was moved to the floor the nursing staff was not as good and I left scared an was chare that needed to be tended tol --------- happened The nursing station was just outside of my room and the nurses were very noisy during the night.
My stay in the hospital was 5 days no one every offered me a face cloth, soap or basin, or shower or even a bath only a young student that ws there he was the only one that did it at that time it was day 4. Not impressed!!
My stay in the hospital was fun & good people were very nice thank you.
My stay was awful because it was a hospital - noisy 24/7 - lights on I had to pee often because of my treatment so I was sleep deprived Staff were excellent I just hated being in the hospital. Food was bad I had friends/family bring in food. I couldn't get a single room even if I was willing to pay.
My stay was complicated and handled by two completely different care teams. Most were wonderful. One resident doctor shocked me with info I had never been told and said ''perhaps I've said too much." That was not comforting!
My stay was during the COVID 19 pandemic, so my family were not allowed in the hospital as there were restrictions in place. Everyone was pleasant and reassuring to help ease my anxiety about the situation.
My stay was during the Covid shut down and my experience was alone with no family present, however the whole staff was very compassionate -1.ful Thank&
My stay was extremely pleasant!!
My stay was generally positive. I did write about a concern about communication of one particular doctor. I received a response and I think my point of view as treated responsibly. )0000000000000<
My stay was in the COVID 19 pandemic Everyone worked together under those circumstances. I can't complain. Respect to all the front line staff Thanks for doing your best
My stay was made better by all the excellent nurses who cared for me. All except my last night were helpful, informative and caring. My last nurse seemed to have a poor attitude & did not care how I was feeling. All others outshadowed her in their caring.
My stay was not scheduled I had not eaten in 8 hrs and there was only expired sandwiches available. Thankfully my wife brought me food XXX
My stay was related to a chronic illness. Patients should ALWAYS be allowed family - even during COVID, was traumatic being alone when care givers can take the same precautions as family
My stay was very good
My stay was very good and I was given great care
My stay was very good Nice dr & nurses No complaints
My stay was very good. Thank you.
My stomach was problem and high blood pressure. They did not ask what I ate.
My support person was not aloud with me Nothing was explained I was told I needed to go the fracture clinic but no reason why.
My surgeon - Dr XXXXXXXXXXX and her staff were excellent - I received outstanding care from her and her team!
My surgeon seemed to visit when I was asleep would have liked to have been woken up to talk with him.
My surgeon, Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX personally took me by the arm and walked me to the operating room. It was a small gesture, but had a huge positive impact. I felt cared for and completely at ease as I entered the room. The entire team were brilliant!!
My surgeon, Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was outstanding! Despite her busy schedule. she visited me daily, and continued to follow up closely, showing compassion and kindness throughout my treatment.
My three stays at this hospital have been excellent in all ways possible XK
My treatment caused me to vomit many times
My visit followed up my after hours visit to my XXX. I All staff were pleasant, professional and informative.
My visit related to what I considered as XXX This I could readily accept as it was also confirmed by my GP.
My visit started with me picking up a discharged patient when I started having chest pains from that floor. I was taken care of and then brought to emerg. Thank youl
My visit to the ED was to clarify how best to treat an eye problem about which I had received conflicting information previously. The questions about the nursing care are not too relevant in this case as I had little contact with them.
My visit to the emergency room was Al care. I feel very well cared for. The Drs, + nurses were superb. Even though they were very busy that night
My visit to the ER was longer than required as to doctor was waiting for a return phone call from Dr XXXXXXXX The return call never happened. As a result I was discharged without the consult of my cardiologist.
My visit took place on a very cold winter morning. The waiting room for triage is located just inside the entrance door. The ER was busy - the door continuously opening and all the patients complained of the cold. Thank you for the opportunity to participate in this survey.
My visit took place on a XXXXXX afternoon when they were very few being treated. A rarity!
My visit was 4 1/2 hours long, but was being treated for a for 2 1/2 of those hours. I feel like I was taken care of in a timely manner
My visit was due to Drs worked on trying to get it down. Thank you.
My visit was during a post COVID-19 outbreak where the general public was ordered to stay home. There was only a few patients in the waiting room which resulted in an extremely fast and professional visit.
My visit was during the covid 19 virus. It was very quiet and service was unusually quick
My visit was during the COVID- 19 crisis so some different protocols were in place. Not having my spouse with me made the experience a bit more stressful. I appreciated, however, the excellent care I received despite the extra challenges staff faced. Thank y
My visit was during the pandemic. I was hesitant to go but relieved when I saw how well all the precautions were in place. (Nurses, maintenance and security)
My visit was for xxx That is the reason why my waiting period took so long other patients were more urgent I needed a prescription renewal I was very pleased with the service apart from the six hour wait
My visit was great & quick because I waited early in the morning, In a line up outside the emerg door of XXXXXXXXXX
My visit was on XXXi I was very impressed how quickly I was received and treated. -> Thanks <-
My visit was short. They diagnosed my problem quickly and professionally. I have the utmost respect for our health care professionals.
My wait time was longer than normal because do to some other emergency there wasn't as many medical staff on duty as there normally would be. Note. I am answering this survey regarding my visit to the Emerg. Dept on/or aboutXXXXXXXXXXXX - )00000000000000(
My washroom wasn't cleaned. The floor was swept once in the week Bed changed once Cleanliness a concern Arrived by ambulance treated very well drivers and ER staff
My wife was not notified when I was taken to my room from recovery. Exceptional care from all nurses and XXX purchased a timies for me. I had no money.
My wife works for XXXXXXXXXXX and she is a prime example of the great care all receive. Thansk for caring cheers.
Nee-c1Codortsi-cler other health condition of the patient - ----- patients need different considerations and better collaborative care
Need aid (unreadable) It was very very look in XXXXXXXXX this year, (unreadable) there beds or it was to lost in the rooms!!
Need better experience than 1 previous stay
Need dressing changed When I was oing home. nurse would not do it Did not gi one to use when I got home?? done!!
Need more beds + nurses, they are run off feet!!! But they are still amazing nurses.
Need more dots + nurses Over crowded - limited wait space - too close for comfort. Parking impossible to leave car across the road in my condition/state of health - You get more flies with honey than you do with vinegar.
Need more drs, nurses and more cleaners
Need more nurses on doors
Need more parking
Need more staff (PSW's or nurses) Would make for a better environment.
Need to be larger for sign of why the A section is to small for the amount of patients it sees there daily. I don't mind laying in hallway, but seniors sometimes do. But otherwise, was great visit they need help and more room. Too busy thanks
Need to take more care of followup for patient
Need to talk to patient & family about discharge plans, not just say you are leaving tomorrow. Having agencies call asking about discharge plans & needs when hasn't been discussed with me for family. (Putting the cart before the horse)
Needed medical evaluation on a hand injury which I had self- bandaged XXXXXXXXXXXX
Needed more chairs for patients to sit in to get out of bed
Needs more nurses to care for patients. Older people need to be put to bed sooner. They are left up to late. Had to put my XX old room to bed to settle down for the night.
Needs update!
needs to improve the quality of food served to patients. There are other veggies besides tasteless diced carrots
Neurology department very poor. - Always in a hurry - Poor listening skills - Poor note taking - Poor investigation
Neurology drs. + nurses were fantastic!
Never visited by my orthopedic surgeon (or ortho resident). Given misinformation with regard to posterior precautions. No in-depth discussion of sa r.
New meds are not working well
nice and she meant well but it was an awkward situation that should not have happened. I had a very (b) good experience at XXX despite the circumstances that caused my admission. That said, a hospital stay is hars nyone. it is mentally and physically stress in an already emotional time.
Night activity was intense because the other patient int he room was critically ill and required a lot of attention. There was no gratuitous noise or activity. Pleasantly surprised by the good quality of the food. My care was outstandingl
Night nursing staff were loud, kept me awake. Night nursing staff not helpful at all. Seemed like we bothered the night staff. Day staff - excellent!!
No - I was completely satisfied.
No - it was very satisfactory.
No - thank you
No - thank you for the wonderful care.
No - their job was to help me, and they did. My stay was as pleasant as possible given the circumstances, and just about what I expected from previous hospital experiences.
No blankets - I froze - Seal on drink cups impossible to open. - Toilet garbage overflowing with diapers - No drink cups with lids or flexible straws available on floor - No cleaning during day - yuckll
No comment.
No complaint except for food it is not great hard to eat to get your strength back best meal for me is breakfast.
No complaints Treated good
No connect between nursing surgeon and the PA. He suggested I could be discharged the day after surgery. Went home on day 4!
no effort was made to accommodate me. I was and am quite disappointed. Not all accessibility problems are physical. Short of being unconscious I don't see myself ever returning to an emergency department.
No everything is good.
No everything was excellent.
No everything was fine
No everything was okay at the hospital stay all the nurses were kind & friendly. I thank you all for your help. Merry Christmas, Happy New Year.
No food
No I got perfect care
No I was satisfied with the attention and care I received Was happy to le roommate was an old friend
No it was good!
No it was very good
No Its nice to see that someone cares about the health care department by doing this survey
No just thank you!
No matter how busy the staff were. they were compassionate and took the time with me with a smile and wisdom. I can only thank everyone (unreadable) to age, (unreadable), nurses. physicians and radiology
No my stay in hospital was very good.
No My stay was less than 48 hrs I am a retired XXXXX)000( British trained
No not at all Thank you!
No not at this time.
No nurses or staff came in to check in while I was waiting in triage
No one ever cleaned any of the bathrooms in any of the rooms I was in
No one offered assistance with personal hygiene - brush teeth, wash face etc The food was awfull!! Asked for water was told I'd have to wait until my dinner tray arrived. Tray arrived no water. After the shift change the new nurse was happy to bring me water.
No one should be turned away from an emergency dept. It is about priorities. Fortunately for me it was not life threatening!
no one was allowed to accompany me I had no idea what was going on!
No only one day stay )0(XXX)000000(
No problem with XXX. My problem is with the nearly 6 month wait!
No room available after operation until late in the evening Very crowded
No thank yoiu
No thank you
No thank you
No thank you
No thank you.
No thanks
No they solved my problem as quickly as possible.
No update until )0000000(X What can I do and what not to do?? Was not told XXXXXXXXXXXX
No very satisfactory
No very satisfied!
No visitor XXXXX not good wife refused admissions mix up in my given name
No water yet they were concerned about dehydration. Should be a pitcher of water available to drink
No, overall I was happy with all my treatment. )00000000(
No, thank you.
No. I was satisfied with the treatment I received.
No. Not really. Its a good place to be when you are sick.
No. our emergency dept is very busy & do the best they can to help. They generally are kind & helpful.
No. Thank you.
Nobody there could communicate' -------- so I couldn't understand everything they said.
Nobody told me that I would be walking from the same day surgery to the operating room, which I found very weird wheelchair would of eased my anxiety. Post op instructions were listed however no physio staff explained how to get in and out of bed. I wasn't given any su for drsy changes or told when I could shower post op.I I and thank god I know people who work in the medical field. If I didn't my lack of knowledge could of compromised my surgery.
Noise at night from nurses work station
Noise in the halls, at the nurses station & noise from the machines in the hall caused anxiety & lack of sleep I was startled a lot
Not a good set up for traige People walked into a wait room with chairs, just sat down and you had of ask others who was there first so you would know when your turn was!
Not about the visit but question 45 I believe is improper as race or color should not matter as we are all Canadian Not matter what color or race we are.
Not at present
Not at this time
Not clean
Not clean at all. Everywhere. They don't tell each person what is going on.
Not clean or neat for for a hospital also staff have no names tag or proper clothing for health care center You are - 50 years back to compare to Germany or most Europe's countries
Not direct, but I have a US friend who was in in XXXX and had a heart problem. Got into XXX and was treated there at an extended stay. He tells everyone in the US that the Canadian system is far better than the US based on his treatment and the care he got.
Not enough baths
Not enough bed space. Need more staff
Not enough bed. I was put in a ith 3 senior ment I had to night There was blood on the curtain around my bed & the chair were dirty.
Not enough emergency staff. Could not have asked for better staff from kid 2. They are very kid assets for XXX. They went above and beyond there duties.
Not enough food
Not enough nurses - (unreadable) too long way - way to much noise at night Food is terrible Visiting hours too long
Not enough nurses - overworked -
Not enough Toilet facilities within easy reach
not fond of the regard we had to imbibe for the
Not once was I walked in hall. Not once was I offered a face cloth or sh. If I had not read the brochure on to eat, assisted walking etc. I wouldn't have realized none of the above were done. Very disappointed in care provided. A XX yr old woman should get more assistance.
Not really
Not really. It was just fine Mrs XXXXXX)<XXXXM
Not right that men and women share the same room. Not enough staff nurses.
Not that I know of.
Not very clean
Not withstanding what was clearly a busy time in the ICU I was impressed with the personal care and attention including keeping my wife informed. XXXXXXXXXXXX
Nothing more Was well taken care of Wife of patient Thank you
Nothing other than possibly having more staff to provide care within the emerg department not on my particular trip but I have noticed that the wait time can be very long on other occasions where I've been there with others
Nothing wrong
nt in for a success u d physic at Very happy with both hospitals
nurse 10* plus! Use of web access code not obvious.
Nurse in cardiac ward not knowledgeable about use of E/T tube feeding. Dr. did not come in to explain tests (what you should, should not do after leaving hospital) did not receive any literature of health for heart attack. Dr. treating me dealing with medicine part was very good. He was concerned about my well being. I was in a cardiac room but was classified as medicine. Nurse were cardiac and did not seem to know or understand how to treat medicine patients. The rapid response nurse very helpful in getting nursing care after leaving hospital.
Nurse practitioner of cardiac surgery (XXXXX) went above and beyond to keep us informed
Nurse told me I could have gone to instead of XXX.
Nurse was excellent.
Nurse who administered treatment was repeatedly called away for other duties. This happened three or four times.
Nurse who was giving me a cloth sling/support was very rude and rough. Nobody told me I could leave and I had to ask twice for my prescription papers so I could leave and again the nurse was rude with me. Doctor was great & triage nurses were fantastic and quick!
Nurse XXXXXX in day surgery went beyond taking care of me and my attending sister.
Nurses & doctors were great. They didn't check bracelet because they knew who I was - was in room with 3 thers but one was hallucinating t cooperative with staff
Nurses & healthcare workers overworked with too many patients. Needs (unreadable) to (unreadable)
Nurses & PSWs on kidd 4 caring & compassionate despite stress of p is - waited four days for surgery some time before diagnosis & procedures performed were explained to me - little information provided about prognosis & further care - Maid's team after 3 weeks didn't contact me per my request - no contact information for surgeon or neurologist provided or discharge to arrange follow-ups and express concerns
Nurses & support staff at XXX were excellent.
Nurses and doctors were great.
Nurses are excellent but are overworked
Nurses are great but are overworked
Nurses at night (many younger) were too loud in their incessant chatting - not related to work! Unruly patient poorly dealt with by limited staff. Porter said, "good luck" when he dropped him off. Girlfriend of patient slept with him in same bed two nights!! That's BS.
Nurses deserve a large raise they were excellent. They also deserve a medal for putting up with me.
Nurses encouraged me to get up & walking. Turned out the surgeon wanted me in bed & resting. Prescribed & requested morphine injection was never administered during one shift. Although I requested it twice.
Nurses gave extraordinary care + time to me during my stay emergency response was professional + timely fever card XXXX really stepped things up very thankful for healthcare facility/workers
Nurses in ER were great Dr. )(XXX was excellent
Nurses need to respond to call button quicker
Nurses over worked/short staffed.
Nurses seemed to be overworked and tired They need more nurses and more time to rest between seeing people.
Nurses should dress professionally (shorter) pant legs so they are not walking on the bottoms spreading germs from one room to another
Nurses were excellent - very accommodating & friendly.
Nurses were excellent Got me a dinner and loaned me a cellphone
Nurses were excellent One of the residents was on a ward
Nurses were extremely wonderful but over worked did not feel safe nurse to patient ratio.
Nurses were great Surgery was put off too long.
Nurses were most pleasant
Nurses were overworked Making it difficult to get the best care
Nurses were very kind and helpful.
Nurses XXX, XXXXXXXX, + XXXX were extremely helpful + quick PSW XXX was wonderful They were in the cancer ward.
Nursing care on Kidd 4 was very good. However, it was almost impossible to get information from the surgeons, including during days spent waiting for surgery, and post- surgery to be told what had been done. Even the nurses had difficulty getting information from the surgeons. Resident surgeons provided different information from the attendings. Communication needs greatly improved.
Nursing staff excellent. Doctors very good. Food not so good.
Nursing staff fantastic
Nursing staff from XXXXXXXXXX were exceptional! The kitchen staff also deserve words of praise with only complaint 1) is the noise in hallway at night. 2) not offered a change of fresh/clean hospital gown during entire stay. Thank you to all for helping during this traumatic time.
NURSING staff gets @ 4/10 Poor attitudes Poor response Only 1 good nurse - bathroom not cleaned Too much noise. Thank you.
Nursing staff spent quite a few hours watching the Olympics till 1:30 - 2:00 AM thereby making it difficult to sleep due to cheering!
Nursing staff was amazing.
Nursing staff was excellent. Surgeon and residents were not always on the same page. Residents would make changes, another would counter, only saw my surgeon 2 times in 14 days.
Nursing staff were excellent, including students
Observed while waiting 5 hours .D. Still waiting when I was looked after.
Obvious lack of communication between departments.
Of all the times in my XX years that I've stayed overnight in a hospital. This by far was the most pleasant experience. Nurses were amazing + Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX is the best!
of health care. RN's they help me understand what I'm told or asked by the doctors. My family has been a great help in my recovery so much Love and care XXXXXXXXx!
Old/drafty is sitting are due to entrance doors
On a 1-10 I would say 10
On a renal diet and sometimes the assistant went over the options which was appreciated.
On discharge I received only the paperwork, a physician did not review it with me, a nurse did not review it with me. The papers had many errors and false statements. Upon my request, a senior resident met with me following this, a corrected summary was provided. The resident was very understanding and listened to my concerns. He was compassionate and very responsive to my needs.
On discharge the drs letter sat in my file until I got involved so I could not be discharged. Food not up to any standard.
On my release the (unreadable) took me to the main entrance & left without even making sure I had someone there.
On one occasion there was a very lengthy time when I had to stay all night one chair I knew the hospital was very busy on that day, so I understood the problem, but it was most uncomfortable and there were as many as six patients in the same situation.
On paper, I was discharged three days before I was assigned to physio. Finally had physio for 2 days and then released.
On questions 8 & 19 I filled the wrong box and have attempted a correction
On several committees to which I can contribute! Thank you to my ever so special doctors!
On the 2nd night after surgery I used the call button for help moving into a more comfortable position The 2 people who came were neither of them my nurse. They were quite awkward/rough They were impatient, and I ultimately asked them to stop trying to adjust me even though I was more uncomfortable than when I asked for the help in the first place I never aw either of them again.
On this visit there was nothing to complain about treated excellent
On XXXX Dr XXX + I stay in hospital until XX)0000C Nearing the end Dr. XXXXX did a wonderful job + was very compassionate as well as most nurses.
On XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, we made an emergency trip to XXX  We only XXXX checked a box in each section. I would have preferred to have a box for "N/A"
Once seen my MD it went quickly wish we could have been seen by MD sooner.
Once you go into your room. nursing will check on you more often. Also if there for over 1 112 hrs maybe offer a snack or water.
One doctor gave their opinion that we could be Which is upsetting. Diagnosis should be delayed until all tests are found so diagnosis based on facts not individual opinions. When delivering this should be done with a family member present not when pt is all alone!
One male nurse treated me very badly + had to ask that he not look after me, which was done. I am always concerned when I call and get a PCA they are not consistent in quality of service or compassion. Many are very good. They need more training.
One nurse had so much perfume on that I felt like being choked
One nurse on night shift wasn't that cooperative towards me.
One nurse treated me with disrespect over bed pan duties. I was on high dose of water pills. I no sooner got off bed pan that I had to go right back on The one nurse would not come to my aide when she was on my care.
One nurse was very rude and abrupt to one of my roommate I did very upset.
One of the resident doctors made it a point to disagree with the presiding doctor However she did take charge and issue was resolved.
One particular nurse appeared to take an immediate dislike of me. She was the exception. The remaining nursing staff ranked high. (The food leaves a great deal to be desired.)
One reason I found it difficult to sleep at night was because my room as not dark even with all the lights off. The hallway outside my room was very bright. Nursing staff was excellent
One thing to note The food, 10, if anyone complains tell them to fly Air Canada, or Air Transit, the staff who takes your meal, 10 Thank you
One washroom per ward for women is not enough cleanliness is an issue which 4 people using one room for general hygiene Privacy was a concern as the curtain did not go completely around Noise levels were high early in the morning
Only 1 nurse gave me anything to wash up with after 3 days
Only 1 nurse was unaccessible had already sent survey
Only 1 overnight stay
only 2 pills given 2-4 more appropriate
Only concern was sharing room with male, it can become uncomfortable. Dr. XXXXX excellent doctor along with his team.
Only in for 1 evening
Only issue was running out of pain nteds, non were available and didn't get any for 5.5 hrs (Had a block in) Head of pain management came and talked to me stated people were going to be talked too I never heard back as I was released from hospital.
Only one issue I had an that was my room As it had no bathroom and had to share the ''visitors" bathroom and no access to a shower.
Only poor experience was being told m   dication used to reverse my INas very, very expensive by a respirology resident - I said I was worth every penny!!
Only really bad part of my stay was the food anybody caught saying that this food is adequate should have to eat for 2 weeks straight.
Only that I did not fully understand the necessity of It was mentioned but not really pushed
Only the fact that there was a lot of confusion about my diet while waiting for surgery I was not offered meals in the evening when it was known I was not having surgery that day
Only thing noticed on the negative side was when foods changed - started on minced and thickened fluids graduated to dental soft. Cafeteria staff were very slow catching up often condiments not order were added.
Operation was a great success and dr's & nurses were great
opped off by my mother land did not require further care
Originally I went to XXXXXXXXXX as we are supposed to do. There were at least 20 people waiting in the room which was located right next to outside door. It was a very cold night and each time the door opened which was frequently a blast of cold air blew in making it very very uncomfortable for everyone. My wife and I decide to leave and went to XXX where within 15 minutes I was triaged and placed in an examination room. I was seen by a nurse who made the decision to have an xray done. This was done promptly and within a very short time the nurse and doctor saw me explained the results and suggested after care through my family doctor. The answers in this survey are based on the visit to XXX .Sotty for the delay but we just returned from our winter in XXXXXXX and quick exit home
Ortho floor excellent in all respects Medical floor often unsatisfactory but staff under stress from influx of flu patients and no experience of treating this disease
Other than the residents etc. who came to my room at 6 am. I did not see or hear from a doctor during my three and a half stay in the hospital! Thank you for this opportunity to give feedback regarding my hospital stay
Other thank my stay was very positive. I received amazing care from everyone. Thank you.
Other visits have been longer due to having only 1 doctor there
Otherwise, very pleased with all medical care + services to date.
Our health care system is amazing & we need to be thankful for what we have The staff seem over worked & the hospital is so busy.
out I had injured some muscles or connected tissue. Pain went away within a few days as predicted by doctor.
Out in the hallway in emergency and was denied second dose of pain med an I was told I would be going to be admitted to hasp ward so.. Had to wait & even in ++ pain al 'tudent nurses were very helpful!
Out of all hospitals I've been in this was the best.
Outcome always the same, a complete waste of time. This was from 4-7 XXXXXXXXXXX and now my condition is drastic. Absolutely ridiculous and not over for me by a long shot. I fully intend to sue all involved from the Government down to the cops and security. The firestorm is coming and MPP XXXXXX is aware of all facts as her office had to get involved before anything was done. SHAMEFULm
Outstanding care & follow up by Dr. XXXXXXX to be commended in addition to 11
Over all nurses were excellent and a couple were extremely competent happy with surgeon who performed surgery.
Over the past three years at XXX - EMERGENCY DEPT this visit was the most ideal situation from everyone - I noticed huge changes & was very impressed! I hope this will continue - I do wish to comment below but this below is not from this visit
Over the twenty plus years that I have been going to XXX I have gotten to know many of the staff They consistently treat me with compassion and are informed about my personal situation. I feel well looked after and would be quite disappointed if I had to go somewhere else
Overall a pleasant experience but this ED is notoriously slow
Overall cleanliness much improved from my stay in )000(
Overall experience - Pretty good Would have liked to have a "help" or "resource" phone number to avoid repeat visits - to emerge
Overall felt safe & well looked after Appreciated the good care & team effort from all depts over & above OR team, Dietary & nursing Thank you
Overall good care from doctors and nurses and staff. Very happy.
Overall I felt I was well cared for.
Overall I had a good experience. I was well satisfied with everything, care and procedure!
Overall I have had good experiences for my health but we need shorter wait times in the emergency department.
Overall I was fortunate (in some way) Thank you.
Overall I was very impressed with how quickly I was seen to, how kindly I was treated and how quickly my tests were put through, I was diagnosed and discharged considering they were also dealing with a pandemic.
Overall I was well taken care of I was in a great deal of pain for about 1 1/2 hours before receiving pain meds. I was admitted but had to stay in a hallway for 12+ hours on a stretcher in emergency dept with no privacy. Difficult to be in pain/ill and in view of all
Overall it was a good experience. And as humans we are not perfect We all make the best of things. Lot of things happen in life that we deal with differently and we are not always on our A game
Overall it was good -food selection was good as well. nurses were great and very supportive. and they handled me very well. Physio folks were also very good. Interns were the only doctors I saw after my surgery so I felt a little out of the loop there.
Overall it's a well oil machine. From food service to doctors visit.
Overall my stay at XXX was very good Everyone was helpful to me. Treated me with respect.
Overall my stay was excellent, treated me well
Overall my time in the hospital for treatment was met with care & compassion. I have nothing, but praise for the service I received. I found it rewarding on my part to help with the many students questions whilst I was receiving treatment Carry on the good work.
Overall no issues. Well organized despite pandemic.
Overall opinion was good but was very dissatisfied when it came to cleaning by nurse after bedpan use; had to clean self. Did not seem to be any coordination between different shift staff, e.g. afternoon and night staff, which in my opinion is not good. There were instances where an afternoon staff would commit to returning near the end of her shift, would be relieved, and then the night staff would not come as they were not informed that I was awaiting a nurse. sometimes for time- sensitive matters.
Overall pleased with visit considering the circumstances
Overall satisfaction.
Overall service was quite reasonable. Didn't think much about having to lay on a gurney for 5 hrs in the hallway near the emerg. entrance in the middle of the Winter. >0(
Overall the emergency department did well The visit to other departments not so very good.
Overall this experience was an efficient time. All staff were cheerful and helpful. In such an emergency I certainly felt that they were working for my benefit.
Overall this is an excellent hospital stay. I found this most recent stay to not be as good as previous stays. The doctors were excellent - couldn't have asked for anything better.
Overall very good
Overall very good One bad experience with a nurse who insisted on doing BP or some other test rolling me on my side to relieve pain. Could have easily done test after relieving pain
Overall very pleased regards my treatment towards my condition. Nurses, staff felt very overworked but willing to please.
Overall we (unreadable) an excellent medical support system!
Overall well cared for.
Overall well satisfied
Overall, a very, very good experience!
Overall, although my surgery was a very painful one and will be 4 - 5 months for recuperation, my hospital stay was very helpful to me as well as once discharged I am on physio and water therapy which has been very helpful.
Overall, I found all staff helpful and knowledgeable of my current situation. My only concern is how hard the nurses have to work on long shifts. They do not get enough downtime in my opinion.
Overall, I was very pleased with my recent stay. My doctors were amazing! Very concerned, caring + thoughtful. Great experience!
Overall, it was good. The students were well trained and will become good doctors
Overall, it was horrible.
Overall, my care was exceptional. I did have a med scare, which I -ckly had the nurse double check, It was very apparent to me that the unit staff nurses do not help with float staff. I notice many floats on the floor who were swamped trying to care for their assignments, and the floor staff were sitting at the desk looking at purchases, not assisting the float nurses that were running around, and call bells going off. The unit staff do not act like a team when float staff come to help.
Overall, staff were excellent, some (unreadable) one nurse wore perfume, white board not always updated, food was deplorable, no bedside table so I could not reach items easily. No PT/OT/Diet when I was a patient due to holiday weekend, so I was missing important elements of treatment, no follow up appt with specialist yet - after 2 months (waiting for next surgery). Small gestures of kindness mean a lot, would have appreciated a follow up phone call 24 hrs after is charge to address any concerns and answer questions. I was anxious after emergency surgery due to past on -cations
Overnight only. Food was not the best or available.
P a on "maternity" floor after surgery Some nursing staff did not seem trained or prepared to properly deal with the post op problems of surgery patients
Pain meds should include oxycodone
'Palliative" there is a lot of misunderstanding and confusing information around this term and ''DNR" - professionals assume too much in a patient's understanding amid the stress of situations - more effort to explain from a layman's view is necessary from a mental health prospective.
Paramedic's were very helpful - when they arrived Taken to hospital explained to staff why I was there Thank you
Parking at XXX is difficult to find and expensive. It took too long to find the time to actually do my surgery
Parking catastrophe! Waiting in the lobby to finagle a wheelchair for people who have to walk long distances Thank you It was a pleasure
Parking difficult Food unbelievable Bad
Parking for visitors way too expensive
Parking is sometimes difficult to find
Parking is terrible my husband is disabled + often couldn't find a parking spot close enough to doors and cost for handicapped parking is outrageous. Hospital staff are excellent
Parking is the biggest pain
Parking was a problem
Part of my stay was in ICU where my family was totally informed while I was unaware. My transition to ICU step down was very good & the ICU team remained part of myc are while on the floor. Very informative and they answered all questions & concerns. A suggestion to talk to a clergy person for me was so great because the ICU dr recognized I had some mortality anxiety
Patient transport need better co-ordination. Need local co-ordination. Wait times up to 60 min are unacceptable
Patients coughing + spitting in (unreadable) while not wearing masks in next cubicle. No corrective measures taken by medical staff. Patients walking most of the night in halls, no mask, sitting at reception desk lot at night with medical staff, no masks. Very scary to patients in bed, wearing masks I was told by nurse when complained "Different rules for different hospitals".
Patients should be there #1 priority Nurses should be off there phone more Seeing them playing game (not acceptable This needs to be discussed at your next meeting When yu go in by ambulance you should not have to pay to go back home if you don't have a ride especially if your from out of town Be arranged free of charge especially after the surgery Why do we have health coverage? Areas need more staff 1) Need more nurses on each floor 2) Come when the bell rings Should not have to walk down to the desk 3) Not wake us up all the time to do something that could have waited until morning. 4) Rides for people to get back home that came by ambulance Suggestion volunteer drivers Especially people living in the country far away from the hospital 5) Not so much blood takes 6) Take IV out when they start hurting. Both my hands were very sore & swollen 7) Too many procedures. Long wait time in in the emergency dept
Patients would be better served if doctors communicated better. Different doctors don't always talk to each other to approach care from a ''whole person" perspective.
Pay more attention to watch patients are able to eat.
People that come in knowing what they're talking about deserve respect too.
People wait way too long in the waiting room for care. Staff friendly & professional
People went ahead of us and they were not emergency. The doctor last time said to come back when the pain came and I did and I ended up waiting 5 hours.
People who took orders + brought food trays were wonderful Hospital stay was really great with two exceptions: (1) Overheard a resident discussing me in the hallway and in a very negative way I confronted him - he apologized (2) One day only - my buzzer was on for 2 hours and 15 minutes before someone came
Person in other bed was from TO area that had me worried because of covid 19. I left hospital with symptoms but tested negative.
Physician & nursing care were excellent - Cleaning staff as well.
Physio therapy went above and beyond Tore my walker apart and connected to the right length for me Very encouraging person - my male nurse was exceptional All staff were excellent. Dietician went out of her way to ensure my meals were suitable for my allergies I have absolutely no complaints about my stay
Pleasantly surprised Health care system + its integration, I believe is poor and requires extensive change going forward but this ER experience was exceptional
Please give my surgical team a "10" They were excellent
Please make the TV cheaper for the patient it is a ridiculous price
Please send a survey with regard to my wife XXXXXXXXXXX. She had 2 visits there earlier this year we would appreciate the opportunity to fill out that 'survey' XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Please speed up the service, the waiting time is too long. 3-4 hours waiting, get half hour service!
Please when you change at XXXXXX notify the family.
Poor diet. Drinks at bedside - poor
Poor direction from doctor on carry over of care How long to wear walking cast, what exercises to do?? I should have been given a referral to physic.
Porters - excellent, friendly. caring - 'XXXXX' - xray tech was very caring
Pre op needed to understand that because I was suppose to have shoulder surgery placement of IV site in other arm is important that I can function while its there.
preformed by Dr. XXXXXXXXX Before surgery he was super friendly and informative. Unfortunately, after my surgery nobody went to inform my husband and family how it went nor when it was done and I never seen the Dr again. I understand that something may have come up but a resident, even, should have went and spoke to my family.
Preop session excellent - well informed Postop/discharge none Having some general guidelines would have been helpful I was shocked at lack of housekeeping & obvious dirt on floor/ceiling. My room was mopped once during my stay. Highly impressed to doctors/nurses in cardiac unit
Prescription did not work Pain continued Doctors seem afraid to give out the proper pain medication to suit the patient for fear of addiction - result - no sleep Same thing for sleep medication = no relief
Presurgical discussion with anesthetist was very helpful BUT resulting in my surgical rate and the hospital choice was not mentioned and came as quite a surprise when informed by a third party (who was not privy to them (unreadable) for the change. I had to do some independent research and guess. On discharge i was still unable to get in and out of bed as I should have been. Physio didn't check that.
Pretty prompt service considering were dealing with a pandemic Overall no complaints.
Probably around 2-3 AM admitted to a bed Patient in adjacent bed received attention during night so no sleep. Some confusion between drs I S Every nurse I had was very friendly + helpful.
Probably the best most efficient hospital/clinic experience I have every experienced. I'm almost XX yrs old & have never had a shorter more pleasant wait than I did at the was taken care of quickly & professionally. Thanks.
Problems breathing and the emergency doctor is following up with tests
Professional people caring.
Professionalism of all staff
PSWs and nurses are overworked and hours too long.
Put me in a room + left me there for a very long time Could have been dead by the time they came to check on me
Q 24/25 answers are misleading as I was an unscheduled admission after a test was performed. The hospital did well under the circumstances.
Q29 Attending doctor arranged for XXXXXXXXX nurse who is still visiting me twice per week for another ((unreadable)) matter.
Q4 - Injury did not threaten my life or well being so I did not expect immediate care. No other testing was recommended by doctors or nurses to find cause or what was possible cause of injury.
Quality of patient care has shown definite signs of improvement over the past 12 months.
Ques 16 - some did, some did not. Ques 18 - one was particularly patronizing and dismissed much of what I had to say. Ques 21 - several times he dismissed my thoughts on why I was there. Ques 40 - most staff were professional and polite, but not compassionate. That is understandable considering the volume of patients they were attending to.
Quest #3, 7. & 37 - re nurses, do  a   explaining & understanding N/P who discharged me had a very heavy accent + neither my wife or I could understand her directions about meds - N/P was very polite & respectful but we couldn't understand her I left hospital hoping my own pharmacist could explain my meds Not a complaint but rather a difficulty.
Question # 51 is very odd but after working 48 years as a understand why is could become a very serious issue
Question #9, I was in a room with a dementia lady who talked + yelled at night. The nurses + staff were great it was just hard to sleep with that patient in the same room
Question 24 - 26 were answered so because we were waiting on blood test results. The emerg doctor called me at home when results were found and ordered a prescription. I was very impressed.
Question 30 I rated an 8 I was taken to a room and asked to change into a gown & given a light sheet I was cold & had a fever. Disappointed that warm or heated blanket hadn't been given to me.
Question 41 I did not require medication or treatment - I just had ex ray Then told what treatment was needed.
Question 43 - Mentally & emotionally I am very good, however the physical sometimes takes me down and I feel overwhelmed. Care was excellent but did take a lot of time!
Question 45 is not relevant to this questionnaire in my view. The atmosphere. attitudes & care at this XXXXXXXXX are superior to any experience I've had at the other hospital in this city.
Question 9 - Male patent had noisy CPAP machine (curtain side of room) - 0 40 + 41 - Had many complications too numerous to mention - 0 47 + 48 - Couldn't answer (did you mean before surgery or after, (I was very active before surgery) - Would say fair at present
Question no. 1 allergic reaction to medication.
Questions cover all
Quick + informed approach - (Unreadable) by vomiting, just needed fluids, but attending staff looked at everything. - I felt very safe...
Quick and efficient treatment in emergency.
Quick dr with help of CT scan. Emergency surgery prompt to correct problem
Quiet a short stay Most of the night spent in ER - hence my answer to question #9 Once I was moved to a floor (around 5:00 am) - it was quiet
Quit cutting nursing staff.
Quite pleasant experience!
Rarely saw doctor Family visit only every other day Took forever sometimes to get a nurse Didn't give me a BIPAP to use
Re #4 only used call button during night time hours For the record I have been coming to XXX starting in )(XXX During that time I have never had a bad experience. Never.
Re #9 Disturbances were due to roommates not staff Re: #38 We were not given the right phone numbers for plc are. Staff also (unreadable) doctors requested furl k weeks of follow up care More space required for comments on survey!
Re 42 at 8PM the doctor discharged me I had no means of transport from to my home in and had to spend all night in the hallway before I had transport at 9am the next morning. Note. I had been given morphine 1 hour before the 8pm discharge. this did not affect the decision of the discharging doctor.
re no 17, 18 all the nurses were so busy that I was not surprised they did not have lots of time to listen to me, talk to me.
Re question 21. The reason this was not a 10 is because I was placed in a 3 bed room with 2 men despite having semi private coverage (I had requested a private room). Otherwise its a 10.
Re question 41 WHen I had the tube down my throat to pump my stomach out the nurses made me swallow a pill by mouth and drink water by mouth she said she could not crush the pill. Afterwards I had a terrible night. (They had told me before not to take anything by mouth while the tube is in there) It was the nurse last shift and she was over worked
Re' questions regarding emergency room. I arrived in an ambulance. was wheeled THROUGH the emergency room, and taken directly to an OR. Didn't really have any interaction with the ER staff.
RE: Q40 - Infection required XXX operation to remove hardware )00( operation to (unreadable) hardware yet to occur 2 of 3 roommates screamed all night & day and plus a person in hall. Sleep or rest was impossible! After brain surgery it should be totally quiet.
Ready to leave, the nurses told me it seemed to be adminstrative mess up by inexperienced person It worked, but in the end I'm totally satisfied with them w/ folks Very thankful.
Really just went because I knew I would get a COVI❑ test faster than by going to XXXXXXXXXX, family needed the early test rum
Really nothing to complaint about Only thing were long waits - XX
Really satisfied with the care and service received at XXX.
receive any physio therapy until XXXX, the day she was discharged.
Received excellent care. Dr's & nurses very efficient & kind. A wonderful hospital. >0(
Received exemplary care throughout although hospital was full and stayed on the geriatric floor, all staff - nurses, doctors and cleaning were fully prepared with my care. A wonderful team! Thank you all.
Received the best of care and respect
Recommend hospital to all I come in contact with. Thank you11
Recommendation to XXX re safety/fall reduction That physio and OT staff become more familiar with alternate ways for orthopaedic patients to climb/descend stairs (3) when the patient has poor upper body strength and/or arthritis in joints Other than the operated joint (eg: ankle, shoulder) and/or cannot use: walkers, crutches/canes but may use: bannisters, knee walkers, adjustable piano stools, rotating disks (lazy- susan), other aids This would facilitate safer/earlier discharge and better home care. >0000IXXX
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted
Redacted 
Redacted 
Redacted 
Redacted 
Ref Question 41 - My hospital stay, care and the staff were excellent. The low mark is because there were unexpected complications during surgery which increased my pain & extended my stay & recovery time.
Regarding question 36. my wife could not be with me for decisions due to covid 19
Regarding this survey I only stayed in the hospital for one night. On the whole it was fine. I did have a painful situation with the inserting of the intravenous the nurse was having a problem doing it and I asked her to stop due to the pain she continued with out comment. She was young, its okay we got along fine afterward but I felt you should know that.
reluctant because I know how long emergency waits are. I went with my wife. I received immediate care and was treated very well. My only complaint was that it was a long time between nurses and doctors dropping in, but I also recognize that it is a busy place and other patients had to be attended to. I was very pleased with the care and attention I received during that visit to emerg.
Resident doctor advocated on my behalf to arrange surgery for the condition I was experiencing. This was my 3rd visit to emergency with same condition. Surgeries during this period were avoided due to COVID 19
RN care on K3 + cardiac ICU were outstanding The food was terrible Menu looked great Selection + delivery were good Food was inedible + overcooked "every meal"
Room cleaned infrequently no PCW - showers nurses objected to patient using the call button! Noisy in room, patient in other bed talking to Dr's, RNs, and family could be kept private up the hall!! No aftercare from LH IN, as prescribed by care team.
Room was awfull
Room was clean but bed sheets was not changed for clean ones. Also towels or face cloths were rare. My stay was 6 days. My wife straightened my bedding every day as it was not done
Room was not kept clean. Items that fell on the floor were simply left there. Bathroom was dirty and never cleaned. Dirt/wet items remained on counters for my entire 2 1/2 day stay. Glad to leave because afraid of infection. Wondered if cleaning was contracted out. In any care, no supervision to entire cleanliness.
Room was very crowded 4 people - privacy was non existent. Bathroom for all was by my bed.
Roommate had  night kept me awake with her coughing - sickening. Too close between beds. Should have been in a separate room!
Roommates that talked past midnight w/ light on Roommate that had small child stay in room overnight Are there no rules about these problems
Rude nurse accused me of watching people enter nearby washroom - (I never saw any enter the washroom) closed curtain hitting my nose - after over an hour wait for doctor - we left and went to
Satisfied that I received adequate treatment for the reason I went there.
Satisfied with everything done for me, especially during the Covid time. There were many people ahead of me.
Say they would book a app to see a other dr never hear from them.
Seating is very uncomfortable and not conducive to cont. usage. I don't expect Lay-z-boys but something less rigid would have helped lessen my pain while waiting for 5 hours
Seemed to be a lack of communication between different medical teams. Unprofessional moments with PSWs, lack of privacy. etc.
Seems to be improving.
Seems to be short staffed so nurses that are on shift on the go to keep up to demand.
Sent home to early
Sent home too early
service at or excellent follow up info and test work later was also excellent
Sharing & reading of notes taken by interns for assigned doctor could be better.
Short & sweet stay
Short of staff
Short of staff Bed not made or changed Bathroom too small for my wheelchair Male patient in next bed! This ward is in older part of hospital!
Short staffed. Food was not very good Bathroom untidy
Shortage of beds, change of rooms in the middle of the night from ICU to holding room, of overflow
Shortened emergency stays if possible move to the ward asap. I have a hospital background so I understand more than most
Shorter waits through ER - Shorter waits btwn appts to see Spec Drs
Should build an emergency clinic 24/7 for those with injuries that can't be treated in an outpatient clinic - h ad to go to emergency for treatment but wasn't life threatening. I saw dozens of patients that could be sent to a clinic instead of hosp emergency
Should have had follow up care.
Shower head was broken. Could not shower if I wanted one I would have to go in another room
Side affect of drug did not know that it killed good guys as well as bad guys until after leaving hospital. A nurse told me to take yogurt + then my daughter. + then doctor on
Side effects of medication being administered would have been super helpful. I was experiencing negative effects & this was not obvious until discharge & reading pharmacy info. Page once I was home. made much of my stay more unpleasant than needed.
Since my visit took place during peak of covid crisis my experience may not be typical with respect to wait times. I have never got through an emergency visit so quickly.
Since XX is year we have been to this hos for many reason 'staff have been nothing but so amazing to our family. Thank you
Since XXXXXXXX I have been a. led to XXX man  times, Throughout all of this the only complaint I might have would be the food - needs work! The staff including nurses, doctors & trainees have always been great. Many thanks to all of them for all they have done & continue to do
Sirs: I refuse many years ago in hospital in does my care depend on my race, color or religion? I hope not. These questions seem to ask me to tattle tail on the hospital people. I was ill and appreciated all done for me. And no bill afterwards. Thank God & the Canadian Government for our healthcare. A suggestion on complaint box would suffice.
Sleeping in ward v difficult or account of BP & temp measurements at start of and at end of each nurses shift. Was also woken very early for treatment that could have waited an hour or two XXX, ER quickly dealt with my presenting respiratory issue.
Smile more.
So fortunate to have such great medical care, thanks. Comment: transfer at around 9 or 10 pm from XXX ER to XXX ER resulted in gap in managing pain as transfer took a while and seeing doctor took a while... morphine wore off.
so it is hard to relate to some of the questions. Everything seems to be fine now.
So lucky to have in our area 100%
So much personal attention. Every detail was addressed.
So patients are not treated well. Staff (nurse) do not understand dementia/Alzheimer's & are not patient or understanding with them. We had one sour nurse who made the situation difficult for us It was bad enough to be in a hall for half a day! Other staff, including clerks, were friendly and helpful and comforted my mom The dr was very good but overworked The nurse
so wasn't thinking as clearly as I should have been was given all the information
So hopefully my next visit I'm treated better for being clean now and not a junkie! But the way my wrist is doing awesome still from when you did my wrist surgery Dr. ! Thanks again for everything
Some area's are understaffed to the point its hard to tell if anybody works there No health care cuts please in any department Thank you
Some better food would help.
Some confusion day after surgery between doctors and nurses/hospital staff if I would be sent home. I was told I was which was upsetting and was confusing to my spouse, when I was no condition to go home I remained in hospital for 4 days recovery which was very satisfactory to me
Some doctors need to learn there is such a thing as bedside manner, perhaps that has disappeared along with ''first do no harm".
Some food was a serious problem. Standard breakfast does not follow instructions. Short entertaining stay in my floor. MASH unit - good care - no fall Thanks
Some foods need to be better
Some male nurse's assistants didn't take much pride in the way they dressed (clothes) Why can't a nurse order up a sleeping pill especially if you had one the night before
Some nurses need to retire! was great. Listened. Friendly informative caring was NOT LOUD. Food sucks. Need better cleaning in rooms.
Some nurses need to use more manners and consideration towards their patients
Some nurses need to work on their inserting I.V. skills! But, I love the staff + nurses at XXX I have had 4 separate stays and they were incredible, friendly and just awesome.
Some nurses when placing drinks etc on the stand next to the bed, forgot to place (drinks etc) so you could reach them After I couldn't reach my water on the stand.
Some of my responses to this questionnaire are reflection of the (unreadable) - covid, staff prioritizing - at least 6 ambulances due to car accident arrived after I went through triage & knew I had a wait on my hands - no problem - more staff may have helped
Some of the nurses in Emergency treated me like a piece of shit and I reciprocated!!
Some of the people that delivered the meals at breakfast, lunch, dinner were very rude to me well, at least one of them was and it was a lady
Some of the RN staff, were polite & helpful. Majority unprofessional in attire & response to patient concerns. Quite a bit of swearing g nursing station in eve's and night shifts.
Some of the workers in the hospital belong to a union and have a lazy fare attitude toward their job and say "I'm in a union and I am (unreadable) in my job" ? are the unions running the show?
Some of these questions do not apply to XXXXXXX, as she went to XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX instead of home. It would be a good idea to include other facilities in your questionnaire, more communication between XXXXXXXXXX & )0(X.
Some question were not applicable so I did not answer.
some questions - not relevant or seemed not to be] funny but remembering laughing to myself giggled No complaints!
Some questions on the survey did not apply to my visit 17 - 22
Some questions were not applicable since I was in ED only to have the end
Some staff may benefit from training on dealing with dementia & elderly This comment applies to Medical Residents (doctors) not nurses
Somehow during the transfer from ER to a room, my shoes were lost!! I left in sock feet.
Someone who doesn't ask as many questions as I do might not have gotten all the info that I did. Discussion of what they saw during surgery would have bene better with photos - please create a consent to take pictures form for before surgery & a chart to what ever use of photos form to be signed after surgery. I wasn't awake during surgery to give consent so no photos -
Something needs to be done - about the wait times to get a bed and you need more staff
Sometimes (often) emergency dept visits are "lengthy" People need to realize how extremely busy staff are and unfortunately even ''in pain" we have to wait our turn to be seen.
Sometimes felt I overstayed (one night) and it was not appreciated.
Sometimes poor communication between (unreadable) (nursing, assistant, hospital, doctors (unreadable)) + student training)
Sometimes too much of the student when you are not feeling well A lot of repeating.
Somewhat nurses do get slow at things. Wife helped a lot clean up around my bed clean up linen and helping me to shower.
Soon after my arrival at ER I underwent answered that I was completely made aware of all the details of my care but as I was unconscious for so long, in fact it was my family that was kept informed.
Sorry for not answering some questions, I just could not remember. I just waited way too long to be released.
Sorry, not able to complete at present Staff (physicians at XXX great). PARKING ATROCIOUS for those with mobility problems + seniors Nurses lounge was across from pt rooms Chairs scraped across floor all night It continued even after explaining kept pt awake! They were very rough with catheter! Much prefer XXX Sorry but quite true. Survey this lengthy - I think not! We are in our XX's!
Speaking as a long retired XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX - I can only say that this experience, though daunting - was made as pleasant & comfortable and professional as possible My thanks to a wonderful team.
Specialists should not be working in silos. No protocols for specialists to communicate about a 'complicated patient' (which I am).
Spent two nights on a stretcher + not a bed in emergency area
Staff changes too much Repeating same info to nurses every day Not enough nurses New coeds suggested were delayed being given for days Info given to be entered on chart not always done
Staff in emergency were always busy, but attentive when asked for attention, they did their best. It was much appreciated.
Staff is good but understaffed is a problem
Staff is ICU were fantastic helpful answered questions When moved to the stroke unit the nurse made comments about lack of blood flow + wasn't very sensitive to my concerns however, I was only there for a couple of hours then sent home
Staff kept moving walker out of reach not replacing it. Did not seem to notice me and my needs ... had to cut off wrist band ... never replaced it.* Meals were wonderful.
Staff lacking resources as admittance took over 12 hours... In emergency over 12 hours
Staff need to spend less time taking and chatting and more time working. Need to learn bedside manner especially in evenings when coming to get vitals or collect bloodwork.
Staff on all shifts should be commended.
Staff should remember that people are trying to sleep at night. They could lower their voices or close patient doors.
Staff was excellent, compassionate. Arranged for transfer by taxi to XXX for further testing + treatment @
Staff was friendly, courteous and professional. Overall I have little or nothing to complain about. I would rate my experience at XXX as very satisfactory. XXXXXXXXXX.
Staff was great
Staff was most helpful and caring, I believe I was treated with the utmost respect
Staff was totally superb 50 hour wait for triage terrible
Staff was very pleasant
Staff were always too busy to really listen for concerns. Lack of personal physical care was definitely noticeable - nothing offered to clean face, hands, etc.
Staff were competent + caring
Staff were great, professional. polite. Really appreciate them Taco not good.
Staff were kind, friendly, and caring.
Staff were phenomenal very caring considerate and helpful. Dr. XXXXX is a treasure the most caring dr. I have ever met.
Staff were vry-E & compassionate good listeners, helpful The staff did their best to talk to his level so he could understand He began to trust the staff. They were very compassionate Thank you
staff, nurses. cleaning staff. doctors, all have a job to do and they do it well. Its hard work and they all try hard to keep you healthy.
State of art hospital A - one awful food
Stayed in hospital during covid outbreak. Partner was unable to visit me except for ZOOM conferences. Staff and doctors made this stressful time bearable with their professionalism.
Still never seen PCA. Seen name never seen one. Name on board for a few days never seen one.
still wanted to check me out A nurse got me registered, and said I was very lucky that they had a room for me Yeah, how lucky? Into a ward with two old guys, but at least the male nurse was young and very knowledgeable and helpful
Stop cutting health care. We need our nurses. If anything we need more nurses and doctors. A larger budget for supplies.
Suffer from some deafness. Difficulty hearing, nurse calls into emergency treatment room. Waiting room should have video screen that shows your name, for treatment time waiting area not was friendly for seniors with mobility issues
Suggest bell + water by bed when I work up had no way to call someone had to get up and go find someone (very close though)
Suggest for major operations an advocate (family friend) remains w/ patient - patient is too ill/in too much pain to advocate for self re needing pain med increase, correct medications, explains side effects Quiet in halls, room w/ neighbour w/ no visitor's choice Have pre-op visit to surgery room, be told # of people in room for surgery. Its a traumatic experience to have to walk self in op. room w/ no sedative & see magnitude of room of people -> caused immeasurable panic, anxiety, fear, pos - ■htmares - especially for patients with I
Super easy I ----- I Minimal pain Quick recovery! Awesome doctor surgeon!
Surgeon could be a little more personable - A smile and some ''small talk" could go a long way. "Business like" to the point of seeming arrogant and aloof
Surgeons too busy Argued about what to do Start 4 days in (unreadable) & 10 pain (unreadable) post op (unreadable) with little assistance from surgeon in charge Too busy XXX is normally (unreadable)!
Surgery postponed 4 times over mine over 3 days.
Surgery was lifesaving & nurses & drs were excellent. Two complaints - I was moved 3 times to different rooms & different floors. The 5 days I was in hospital I was put on a heart floor post-op & didn't feel I was being helped to walk enough for 1st two days post op, which improved once I was moved to a surgical floor I also had one very annoying roommate when I was sick at first, who talked on the phone constantly (20 times a day) and who turned her bright lights on each morning at 5 AM therefore I got very little sleep & asked to go home after 4 days post op (I did request the 1st move to another room to get away from the inconsiderate roommate & the nurses listened & found me another room right away)
Surgery XXXXXXXXX. My experience in recovery room was not satisfying. Medical team looked after me quite good but I was there for 24 hrs & not due to medical reasons. They then moved me on stretcher to XXXXXXXX)0( because they needed the room for more surgery patients to come in. I was upon same day admitting in a room with other waiting patients for approx 3 hrs where I sat in a chair for 2 hrs & 1 hr on a stretcher. A nurse was very rude with me there. It was approx 4:00 pm in afternoon before I got to my room. I was so exhausted, tired & weak, no lunch or anything to drink other than water. I didn't get any sleep in recovery as it was busy & noisy other patients talking to other patients, rattling of papers & packages. Not much sleep before (night) surgery. They did not have a room for me to go to yet. Not a pleasant experience.
Surgical - ortho patients put on cardiac floors makes it difficult for nurses and patients.
Surroundings were clean & neat 'ancillary' personnel all effective & pleasant
Survey answers were all combined of three hospital trips in time span of 1 week due to being sent home. I have two medical scan appointments that will both be taken by specialists and doctors at XXX
Symptoms remained for months. I am XXX my doctor, on my own initiative.
System needs to recognize ''preferred" names XXXXXX is my last name but I go by XXXXX which is my middle name.
Taken because an appointment in ENT was not available - told up to 6 months wait Had waited 2 months already &
Taste and quality of dinner meals needs much improvement. Breakfast was very plentiful and lunch was good I loved and appreciated all the staff
Teach nurses how to take blood without causing pain to patients
Tell us to bring our own towels and face cloths A little snip of paper will not do the job. Thank you.
Temperature was too cold. I froze in ER & xray Parked in the hall for 2 days No way to call for a nurse Most staff went by - ignoring one until frantic waving caught assigned nurses attn. Masks made it difficult to know who was nurse was
tered emergency by ambulance by?
Terrible
Terrible communication between day surgery & OR Terrible emergency waiting list Surgery for disabled senior Lost bloodwork twice which delayed surgery.
Thank all doctors and nurses All the team XXXXXXXXX>00(
Thank god for Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX
Thank god for our healthcare system
Thank goodness for the doctor at XXXXXXXXXX who thought they're was more wrong than was showing on he sent me to XXX for MR1 The dr, nurses + sta   were great The only set back was at the XX as it took a long time waiting for MRI + no one explained to me that they had had an emergency + that was delay I was in a fair amount of pain + could not u - - rstand the delay but once they all was good.
Thank goodness for XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX as both times I visited was because my doctors office was booked solid. I did see a nurse at my doctor's office & she recommended visiting XXXXXXXXXXXXX)OC
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you -
Thank you all
Thank you all! You saved my life!!!
Thank you everything was excellent.
Thank you for all you do in the cramped space you work in. Reno/(Unreadable) 0 soon enough.
Thank you for everything.
Thank you for helping me.
Thank you for saving my life
Thank you for the care
Thank you for the care and help I received.
Thank you for the excellent care.
Thank you for the good experience during a stressful condition - much better now! Thank you )00(
Thank you for the professional and kind care I received in a emergency situation
Thank you for your care. As a mom I appreciate your care more than ever before
Thank you for your help
Thank you for your help and keep up the good work
Thank you nurses, doctors, porters, all the staff for how genuine you are I've always had the best care there!
Thank you to all nurses, you were wonderful and very caring during covid
Thank you to Dr. XXXXXX, all operating staff and all nurses who looked after me Well done Please stay safe
Thank you to Dr. XXXXXXXXXXXX Wards of thanks for her professional knowledge and her genuine care for my dad My family cannot describe her qualities They are limitless
Thank you to the doctors & nurses for the wonderful ca re >0000000000000(
Thank you to the doctors and staff Great teamwork and wonderful people.
Thank you yes Care was very good in emergency (2 days - nights) then special step down unit, 2 (unreadable) but failed badly when on regular ward - 48 hrs - very little sleep - little or no nursing care, very noisy during the night from TV's on plus nurses. Little sleep The system really breaks down on discharge, I am XX yrs old + I came home to an empty house I was (unreadable) that, CCAC would be in the next morning - they (dr) told me that they had informed CCAC - After 4 days CCAC called to say they would send a nurse in twice/day from then on all went well but somehow the (unreadable) of discharge home care didn't get! I have heard many similar stores This shouldn't happen
Thank you drs & nurses - cleaning staff & food & other. >000000000K
Thank you, thank you, THANK YOU to solutely everyone involved with lAnd I mean EVERYONE! I truly wish I could send a personal thank you to the very special Nurse during my first night that took the time to sit with me for an extended period of time and talked with me, calming me down. I appreciate she had many things to do elsewhere, but she put that aside and consoled me. I am literally crying joyful tears right now as I write this because she helped me more than she will ever know. If there is any way possible to send her this message. I would seriously appreciate it. She is a true Angel. She represents the very best of your already excellent hospital. XXX is the very blueprint that other hospitals should copy. I most assuredly, truly and humbly thank all of you for your compassion, care and medical isdom. Hugs to you all!
Thank you.
Thankful
Thankful they saved my life
Thankful!!
Thanks
Thanks for the help
Thanks Note: More emergency rooms required for XXXXXXXX + area population, so others do not have to lay in a busy + drafty hallway/entrance/exit to + from emergency. My stay was not pleasant XXXXX The form came too late to complete it accurately, ie, answer all questions Please  note this form arrived a few days short of 2 months after Thus I have a problem completing this 2 months after the event Dr ie (PhD)
Thanks to all
Thanks to all who were involved in my care.
Thanks to doctors and staff the hospital for their help with eliminate my pain Thank you
Thanks to very busy department. X.
Thanks to XXX and later XXX for top notch care
Thanks!!!
That all staff should pay more attention to people in the hospital who are having treatment done and leaf their talking after they leave the hospital to laugh.
That it took over 1/2 hr to get hooked up to monitoring equipment & v/s done and when I asked a nurse about this - she just said my nurse was busy with another patient yet I saw other nurse at the station eating & talking to one another (this visit was for a heart condition.)
That the nursing staff went above and beyond.
That wing of hospital just was not up to par with the treatment I've always had. Doctor bypass thing hard bypass + many more. Sorry - I did not want to tell you XX
The "leaving the hospital" experience was very slow. I waited over an hour + a half before a porter and an elevator was available.
The "step up "ward out of emerg and still waiting for a room is uncomfortable - no room to move or accommodate even one visitor not very private and noisy night + day. I understand need to move people out of emerg + struggle hospitals are having. Nurses still great!
The 7 pm fast track was a great experience for families or parents to get in and out in about 1 hr. Thank you.
The actual accommodation was crowded but I was not there to play games. (Unredable) needed space. Thank you.
The amazing staff in ICU were very efficient and caregiving. They were very capable in their rolls. My problem is I have no follow up date as yet after my discharge
The ambulance came quickly. I had all my tests quickly in emerg. I was pleasantly surprised how well I was taken care. Had a very good experience. Looked after very well both in emerg. and when I got to my room I had no complaints about anything It went the way it should go.
The ambulance service was done well. They kept me very calm + my husband who was flipping out because he was shocked to get a call that I was being taken to the hospital by ambulance They were very nice
The amount of different people I saw was very hard to trust & build relationships which I found stressful. Charged for my room which was covered by XXXX
The at the hospital was ast an   competent and due to their ''assessment" and wonderful the drug is the reason I'm able to fill out this form.
The attending physician was - I have had many, many experiences w/ doctors & nurses. He is the most kind & compassionate doctor I have had interactions with Very professional & took time to explain procedures that I was under going. He was very gentle w/ his manner (bedside) and I trusted him immediately that he would do everything to help me! The nurse that attended me during the last couple hours of my visit was excellent, soft in manner & gentle in her ways - her name was She is one terrific nurse.
The bathroom could be more cleaner. The curtains were dirty and dusty. There was dirt along the walls by the bed. Cleaners should take more care when cleaning.
The bathroom was horrific. Not particularly well cleaned an the shower nozzle was pointed directly to the floor. When I mentioned it to housekeeping I was told it was a common problem.
The bathrooms are dirty no clean towels available no feminine supplies available.
The bedside manner of every nurse and doctor who treated me was outstanding. Thank you
The best by doctor & nurses
The best care and free only in Canada eh!
The best place to stay if you need one
The best! Very caring nurses and doctors!
The cardiac care floor, doctors & nurses were excellent - so were the angiogram people & area, this was a very positive experience - compared to my last time.
The cardiac unit, as a whole. works extremely well together Teamwork is apparent. They are all friendly + compassionate. This was a frightening experience for me + this team made me feel extremely safe + in good hands Grateful -
The care & compassion was excellent For an XX yr old man they were very kind & patient with me
The care + attention I received was excellent
The care and attention from the nurses working the admitting area and especially the nurses and physicians in the ER room where I was assessed was excellent. The resident and supervising physician were professional and thorough throughout, while managing a relatively high workload. In my case. I went to the ER for I found that the chairs in the waiting room, where I sat for approximately 2 hours were extremely uncomfortable, there needs to be an area where patients can wait while laying prone if their condition warrants. Wait times are always difficult, with people in various stages of duress and discomfort and I appreciate the need to prioritize patients. In the case of my visit, there were only a handful of people (perhaps 6) in the ER waiting room, I found 2 hours to wait, while in pain longer than expected. I
The care and attention we Canadians are blessed with in this great country is outstanding. Yes, I had to wait, but I waited knowing confidently that I would be seen and receive expert care! Thank you to all XXX health care professionals Happy New Year too!!! XXXXXXXX
The care at XX was excellent! The meals were surprisingly good most of the time (compared to previous experience)
The care centre was a great place to be, if you had to be in hospital.
The care given to me in emergency especially waiting time was not the fault of the staff but was due to understaffing and overcrowding. The waiting room is always full. During this time with Covid-19 there should be a separate room for people having the possibility of symptoms.
The care I get is always excellent! I only go if I can't see my dr of it is an emergency
The care I received from every employee was exceptional - orderlies, receptionists, RPNs, RNs, Doctors, and food services and cleaning staff. They were a well oiled machine and I was so impressed with how they made everything seem effortless. I used the call button a lot as I needed help getting out of bed to go to the bathroom (I had an IV and wraps on my legs attached to a machine). Not once was I made to feel that I was asking for help too frequently or for an inappropriate reason - and the response time was fast. I used the call button once to ask for help for my roommate as he was calling out for help - two nurses arrived and told me he would ask for help all night (he did) and asked me if I would like earplugs (I did and they gave me some). Thank you
The care I received from my visit    was very good. However I have accompanied other family members and sat for 6 hours waiting to be seen which is why I would normally hesitate to recommend so was seen & treat quickly.
The care I received from the emergency department was great, but the X-ray technician was rather rude. I felt like my concerns and pain were not validated by her. She made me feel as though I was an inconvenience and wasting her time.
The care I received in Emergency was outstanding would recommend this dept to anyone needing first rate care. Thank you
The care I received was excellent and doctors were wonderful polite and caring would recommend this hospital to anyone
The care I received was very good I was moved from the waiting room very quickly although I waited, I was comfortable in a bed & was checked on regularly. It was a very positive experience
The care I received was very goodl
The care I received was excellent except that I had to wait for 6 hour in the waiting room to get a XXX looked at
The care was excellent at XXX. All staff, from doctors to cleaners were helpful, friendly, and capable. Food taste, preparation and tray presentation needs improvement.
The care was excellent in my stay at the hospital, and finally diagnosing my on going problem and being able to manage it at home.
The care was incredible from the moment I arrived until I left- the best of cardiologists. The nurses were unbelievable.
The care we received was thorough and done with great kindness & compassion. We were included in mom's care & consulted on all aspects is what were our concerns & what had been done to alleviate them! Excellent care all around. Thank you emerg team.
The caring of all staff (nurses. doctors, administration at the desk, clean up, everyone) was perfect. I could not ask for better.
The chairs in the Emergency Department are extremely uncomfortable to sit on for any length of time. I sat from 1'30 to 4 pm before being taken back to a bed. My back was in pain and I could not get comfortable. As well the vending machine was empty and I had forgotten to bring food. Fortunately when I did get back they found me some juice and cookies. Once in the back everyone was lovely and caring. Hard job to do and I do appreciate all the help they provided. Sincerely )00000000000<
The chairs in the waiting area of the emerg are the most uncomfortable I have ever sat in!
The chairs in the waiting area are very uncomfortable, particularly when waiting for hours! A better design would sure make a difference!
The cleaner was completely unsatisfactory. The bathroom was very dirty and even though I pointed out the problem, it was not dealt with during the 5 days I was there. The extra cleaning for Covid was non- existent
The cleaning staff need to be supervised. I was in there for 7 days and our floor was never mopped. Cleaning man just did a quick dry mop on open area. Never mopped under beds. Bathroom is filthy. We had to ask to get our toilet cleaned. No one entered the bathroom all week until last day to clean it. I also suggest that administration eat the food for one week I do not expect gourmet food but what they are serving is slop.
The coffee was very bad!
The commode wasn't cleaned regularly by hospital staff. When I needed a drink or tea it took forever to bring them to me. When I needed a new diaper I had to wait till someone came.
The cost of parking is extreme, especially for those like myself, who live well outside city limits and are on limited incomes (over 65)
The Covid 19 situation was hard to take, but it worked; the nurses and doctors care was very good
The day after my surgery, after eating knowing for sure about the cause. Staff was made aware at the onset of the pain, and an anesthetist was called and came to determine if mediation was needed, and pain relievers were administered.
The day before discharge one student nurse never brought my pian medication once and alas she was asked to remove the chair attached to the toilet and she didn't Also, I wasn't crazy about having a male roommate
The day before I was discharged, I went for a stress test and upon returning to the floor, they were cleaning my room and told me I was being moved to a different room. No warning that this was going to happen. I was then sat in the hallway by the nurses station for nearly 2 hours because they did not have my new room ready, this should have been done before they kicked me out of the first room. I was worn out from the stress test and got to sleep in a chair in the hall for 2 hours. I would understand if they needed my room right away, but no one was moved into it till about an hour after I finally got into my new room. So my point is that a patient should not be moved until their new room is ready for them. Sitting in the hall can be very stressful, especially listen to all the nurses gossip.
The day I went to the emergency department, it was very busy. My issue was minor but painful and I felt that the time waiting was well warranted X
The day of my surgery I waited five hours after requesting pain medication because the nurse was too busy to check my chart, she was also inexperienced + overcome with the workload.
The degree of professionalism and care to which I was treated was outstanding Thank you )000000000(X
The department did a follow up the next morning with the imaging dept. Due to this I was eventually given a proper diagnoses & coeds to fix the problem. I was very impressed that a doctor called first thing the next morning with a prescription. Thank you for this kind of care & attention. )00000000(
The dept staff excellent! The dept floors were not as clean as they should be Vinegar & hot water would go a long way to freshen & clean areas.
The diagnosis + treatment of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX the XXXXXXXXXXXXX saved my life with a prompt diagnosis + treatment regimen
The died (unreadable) procedure was terrible. Took way too long was very poorly organized. (Unreadable) other (unreadable) of my hospital experience (unreadable) organized an (unreadable)
The discharge papers reported my treatment was "with effect". That is incorrect. My treatment was without any effect on my condition (through no fault of hospital staff)
The doctor & nurses were fantastic & professional. It was just a very long wait to get the blood test completed. Thank you very much!
The doctor and nurses were great
The doctor and the first ladies that greeted me at the door and nurse that took blood (unreadable) Pressure and my meds were very impressive. I actually was going to write a letter to hospital about a good experience. Thank you )0.000(
The doctor came in every day. The hospital staff always made you feel comfortable. They were caring + patient + friendly. Made sure you had everything you needed + wanted!! Thank you for the special care.
The doctor did not know what was wrong or the reason for my sickness.
The doctor in charge helped my elderly father acquire quicker access My parents have been living in XXXXXXX for 15 months and are still WITHOUT A FAMILY PHYSICIAN DESPITE following all options -> on waiting list
The doctor just seemed to want my son + Ito get out of there.
The doctor on call was a Dr. XXXXXXX I think He made further appointments for procedures with new family dr. He was just excellent
The doctor that attended me was very thorough & explained to me everything I asked about. I would highly recommend her.
The doctor was excellent and consulted with surgeons for follow up procedure He was very thorough
The doctor wasn't very clear on my diagnosis She said to wait until I have my appointment with the specialist. My discharge notes gave my diagnosis but wasn't confirmed with me.
The doctor who attended during my care at the Emergency Department gave me a rather thorough examination using ultrasound technology; however, the XXX
The doctor who saw me was superb! As regards length of time to be seen. my wait was somewhat long, but I temper that with the knowledge that my medical problem was probably lower on the triage scale. I was also fortunate to arrive at a time when the number of patients waiting was moderate. I know how easily an emergency visit can become a very long experience. XX
The doctor who saw me was very attentive and stayed for a long time asking many questions. She helped me to get an ultrasound for an on-going which I was thankful or
The doctor who treated me did a thorough job. I appreciated it.
The doctor/surgeon was the best I have ever dealt with and I have worked in health care Caring, compassionate and went above and beyond any doctor I have ever met. Her whole team gets 5 stars and more if I could give it
The doctors & nurses were very caring.
The doctors & nursing staff at XXX do an excellent job under sometimes difficult circumstances. My stay and operation were of the highest class & I am now fully recovered thanks to their efforts. Thanks.
The doctors + nurses involved in my case were kind, caring + compassionate in the short time I was in the hospital.
The doctors and nurses as well as all support workers all seem to be in my opinion, overworked, dedicated, always on the go, very skilled, pleasant in my opinion All are saints
The doctors are very nice and knowledgeable They are also helpful Overall service rated "10" excellent Only problem is wait too long time
The doctors do not agree on my problem.
The doctors where good but I had a serious sickness hard infection
The doctors, nurses. PSW's and other staff was very kind and helpful despite of being on duty for long hours. I am thankful for the care I received at XXX XXXXXXXXXXXX
The dr didn't listen to me when I disagreed with some of his suggestions, didn't seem to care about my previous experience and knowledge of health care & my own body. I came in with a
The dr. in charge of my care was very open & explained potential problems letting me look at the computer results to make it clearer for me to understand.
The dr. was excellent in every way. Most nurses were, as well, but not all very noisy. demanding other patients in the 3 bed rooms. even when rotated, the next ones were similar. At emerg. for 1 1/2 days, the last @ 4 hrs. in the hall before admission to a floor.
The Drs & nurses at XXX are the best. We are so fortunate to have trained staff in our community. All the nurses deserve a pay increase.
The drs & nurses I had in ICU were the best ever. When I was moved, my care was also very good.
The dr's + interns were very good but the nurses seemed very unhappy - perhaps it is time to retire?
The drs, nurses and PSW were all very helpful and pleasant
The Drs, nurses, psw's right down to the food service staff who brought me my meals were excellent. I knew what was going on at all times, I felt that my recovery and pain management was a priority to everyone associated with my care. I was treated like a human being and not just another patient. I would recommend XXX to anyone requiring major surgery and am thankful for the wonderful experience I had.
The Emerg doctor on the evening of XXXXXXXXX was rude and discourteous to my family. She insisted I would be sent home to wait for surgery. Thank goodness for my daughter's insistence that I be transferred back to XXXXX
The emergency care (including the ambulance experience) and the cardiac ICU care was truly excellent and life saving.
The emergency department is too short staffed for how busy a department that it is & how sick people are while they are there.
The emergency department visit was for my X year old.
The emergency dept was very busy and considering this I feel I was lucky to get out when I did I am sure with the number of people still there staff would not be out by 8pm or even close Very dedicated people work in emergency XXXXXXXXXXXX
The emergency doctor, a surgical resident. who I first saw was rather terse and unfeeling My wife who was there when the resident first saw me. and I, felt he needed to improve his bedside manner. He did not listen as well as uld have The discharge summary state I 1 ------- That is incorrect 70000000(
The emergency needs more beds for patients use it is a busy hospital not enough room
The emergency overflow was like a zoo. No privacy, patients talking, coughing, disturbing patients. Hope I never have to go there again
The emergency room experience was terrible. I was kicked out of my area and moved into the hallway next to a washroom while there were other people playing cards and laughing on theirs. It was not right nor fair that I was moved when I was in so much pain that I was on a constant drip of morphine. Then when I was moved to the admittance waiting area I was repeatedly asking to be put into a room and even though my insurance covered a private one I still waited. I waited 36 hours to my room and if my spouse had not have pushed constantly I probably wouldn't have gotten one. I was treated like a number for most of my time there.
The emergency staff had a difficult time to mine I was suffering from an Once discovered treatment got on track.
The emergency wait was much too long. Laying on a bed in the hall for 12 hours is too long!
The EMT ride on a tissue thin mattress in a vehicle with no shock absorbers over some of XXXXXXXX's bumpiest roads seriously exacerbated my
The ER doctor had some good ideas about care, but was overruled by others and the tests he thought would be good were never done Condition did not resolve entirely.
The ER doctor said that I needed to see ENT people ASAP + he would send a request + I would hear from them the next day. When I did not hear from them I phoned and for some reason they had not received the request. Thus, I was delayed in seeing them by 3 days.
The ER has greatly improved since the virus. Faster service and a much cleaner ER. Staff was excellent and seemed to care more about their patients. efully this will continue.
The ER never in the 5 hours I was there gave me the care I required When I got there, I was bleeding enough to see blood spots on my clothes, by the time anyone gave my case attention, it had stopped
The ER nurse did not rate with the ward nurses My first night I was
The ER nurses at the (unreadable) were not friendly at all. I was not even dignified with eye contact
The ER nurses were amazing and compassionate but seriously overwhelmed w/ patient care due to this as family members we had to be w/ my father constantly due to his complete medical situation. That was frustrating.
The ER staff were great. I was put into a room very fast and saw the ER doctor almost immediately XXX and during COVID precautions, all the staff were extremely accommodating
The experience was fabulous compared to my last experience about 10 yrs ago
The experience was generally positive The food was unappetizing.
The female nurse that I had on the weekend during the day was great and the night nurse, she was amazing, and very comforting with knowledge. She took out my catheter with little to no discomfort. The male nurse I had missing the other nurses who had been wonderful before him.
The final diagnosis was XXX nurse Please check size of veins and needle to be more effective
The first 24 hours were horrific with unnecessary screaming of the patient in the bed beside me. The patient was removed for 1 hour then returned still screaming. I demanded to be moved to another room as I had surgery and the constant disturbance of the patient upset me. I was moved to another room after 24 hours listening just after my surgery This should not have happened after just having had surgvery Surgery is physically and emotionally upsetting and constant screaming from the other patient only added to my discomfort.
The floor lacked portable toilets for patience to use to me. This is absolutely unacceptable! - Doctor (or resident) spoke with a thick accent. Very difficult to understand. - Discharge doctor cut me off when I was addressing my medication concerns. The nurse spoke to him then came to me with the information I needed
The floors were dirty and didn't change bedding after previous patient Other than that the care was exceptional.
The floors, bedding and bathroom should be cleaned daily especially when sharing
The food at this hospital is disgusting most times food cold or tasteless Beverages that should have been hot were cold & (unreadable)
The food at XXX comes from XXXXXX and is appalling and offers very little nutrition eg my first breakfast was mostly sugar, lunches. & suppers consisted of overcooked, tasteless vegetables.
The food could be better
The food could be better which was last time in hospital. Not hot enough, too bland. More cleanliness in emergency area
The food could be better. The ICU at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX was incredible. My family was very well supported. Even the support staff were all incredible.
The food could improve! A doctor that I had never met didn't bother to introduce himself!
The food inedible.
The food is awful The menu is very colorful but the meal itself when it is served, is cold, tasteless. Improvement is not attempted, or if so, has failed miserably. The nursing care. lab techs, housekeeping, etc are all pleasant make the patient feel welcome & cared for Even these staff persons complain about the meals
The food is garbage and the hospital needs to start preparing their own food.
The food is lousy. I suggest you open the hospital kitchen and given XXXXXXXXians jobs, and the patients better food
The food is not good
The food is not good, better than it used to be but leaves much to be desired. At least there is fresh fruit. Coffee is awful, hot dinners are not good. The nurse deserve every penny they make
The food is not good. Many evenings I was hungry as portions were too small
The food is not the best
The food is really bad!
The food is terrible I lost weight while in this time there has to be another way of serving food.
The food is terrible, didn't eat much
The food is terrible, hard to gain weight back after surgery, when the food served is awful. Got expensive buying all my meals in the cafe, provide better meals - likely cause of longer stays due to starvation
The food is worse I have had the confusion over current coeds were not handle correctly had to take my own
The food menu was excellent. Plenty to eat. Young nurses were particularly good. Took time to help.
The food needs to be improved, more fresh choices & most hot food was not hot
The food served is horrible it has no taste - Very unacceptable The staff serving the food are rude and uncaring. What we have is what you get!
The food service - put food on tray where it couldn't be reached by me day after surgery while I was still hooked up to IV. The food was not that good. Physio didn't seem to have details on neck brace.
The food sucks The bread is dry. When you are in the hospital all you have to look forward to is your food. When it comes the sandwiches are dry. I think the hospital staff should eat the food they serve the patient for a week
The food that is brought into the hospital is terrible. I lost my appetite for a month after I was released from hospital. There must be a better way other than having it brought in from
The food was absolutely terrible.
The food was and dietary staff were excellent.
The food was awful
The food was awful I was never asked to make meal choices.
The food was basically inedible garbage that all tasted the same.
The food was deplorable. I realize that XXX is not a hotel, but the food was not tasty or healthy. XXXXXXXXXX food was excellent, perhaps a lesson can be learned from them Hardship of choices seemed a waste of time & staff Previously menus for more than one meal were made available & choices could be indicated I realize that this questionnaire is for patient care but in my mind nourishment should be part of that care
The food was excellent, better than in phone.
The food was fair, but not great.
The food was mostly uneatable - cold when should be warm drinks (coffee, tea) mainly tepid. lost 3 lbs in 3 days!
The food was not good. For people to get better they need good food.
The food was not up to any standard and needs improvement
The food was not very good
The food was so bad I couldn't eat it.
The food was terrible
The food was terrible
The food was terrible + was not fit to eat. I lost 5 lbs
The food was terrible tasteless & dry
The food was terrible.
The food was terrible. First four 4 days I only ate one part bowl of soup. I had cheese and crackers from home. I was hungary most of the time. The nurse brought me some cheese & crackers.
The food was terrible. It caused a delay in my discharge It was the only Pad, I mean bad, experience I had.
The food was terrible. Portering left me stranded in the lobby. Would not push me outside to meet my ride.
The food was terribleill
The food was very good - considering the circumstances. I received as much as I wanted. The choices and selection were great. The towels did have an unclear feel & unpleasant odor though!
The food was very good I was only a patient for three (3) days.
The food was very poor quality. The rehab I received was not adequate and I did not understand where I needed to be physic wise to go home and over the coming weeks.
The food was very substandard - the only meal that was any good was the roast beef dinner - maybe the board of directors should eat the meals - things might change!!
The food, (since I had no dietary restrictions) left very much to be desired, and even more to anyone's imagination.
The good was very poor and small in quantity. The diabetic diet was tasteless & unappealing Breakfast were better than the other meals Food should certainly be improved Glad I only stayed 2 days because of this problem
The health care cuts have to stop, the nurses are to overloaded with work to give health care needed.
The health care staff were fantastic during some very trying times - we are lucky to have such a great hospital.
The heart unit at XXX is phenomenal. Great care Unit appears to be very clean The regular floor could be cleaner Trays for food could be replaced Procedure for discharge could be improved
The hospital and all members of staff, doctors, nurses and all assistants were very good. Made me feel very comfortable. Always ready to help.
The hospital food was very poor, had better food at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The hospital is not very good at follow up app't but considering Covid that may be understandable Thanks
The hospital is too small for the population of this city No one should have to wait in the emergency dept for 10 or 12 hrs and I have had this happen Re-open the XXXXXXXXXX to meet the population
The hospital should have translators of various languages on site.
The hospital staff don their job
The hospital staff was excellent But why do people in the ER have 6 and 7 people in with them all hours of the night having a social visit while there are very sick people trying to get sleep. The only really negative experience I had was when a doctor in training said "if it was not for your bloodwork we would think you are faking it I was mad. I have been sick for over 4 years with many trips to the XXXXXXX ER it is because of that kind of short sightedness that it took 4 years to ifgure out what was wong with me. I would hate to think the doctor in training already is negative towards the people she is suppose to help.
The hospital stay and care lived up to my expectations of what a stay and the care I should receive should be like in a Canadian hospital
The hospital stay on the whole was very good and safe. However the follow up help at home and subsequent home care leaves much to be desired It is disorganized, inconsistent, unpredictable and often failed to happen without any notice. What the hospital think is happening fails frequently.
The hospital was at 110% while I was there. Everyone worked hard & well under the pressure. Thank you.
The housekeeping in rooms and washrooms was terrible Training nurse sitting in window well on her phone while student doing the job - very unprofessional
The ialist tested me for positive. The meds he gave me and the follow up with, has made me feel like a new man. No more pain! I nnot thank him enough. Amazing!!
The ICU at I was excellent. I would recommend to anyone - they were awesome
The ICU reception when I arrived by ambulance from was exceptional. ICU staff were all efficient & friendly & helpful.
The initial triage waiting room was disorganized which made the visit stressful because we had to track amongst ourselves who was next - there were no numbers and seating was crammed so could not wait in line
The intern resident Dr. XXXXXXXXXX was not very personable. Thank you for giving the times to offer input. Your emergency dept is awesome. Just need to teach your residents people skills.
The internal medicine team was excellent. They explained my problem and how to cope with it. They explained in a way I could understand they were very compassionate.
The interns like want to pick you apart but never came back to tell you anything and there boss as head doctor to to long to get back to me there was a whole day that I didn't see a sole. Not right.
The interns were very consistent in check in & information - Cafeteria service was excellent - Porters were great. - I initially presented at XXXXXXXXXX and they sent me XXX. So I was admitted right away
The is a very good hospital. People there are very good people and courteous They are fine ♦ 4
The janitorial services were awful. The bathroom had no clean paper towels from XXXXXX night until my release on XXXXXXXXX morning Also, I was assigned a private room during my surgery + my family put my personal belongings there. When I was taken to the floor after recovery I had been "reassigned" to a ward b/c my private room (which I requested) was given to somebody else.
THE LAST NURSE THAT I HAD SHE WAS A LITTLE TEMPERED. HER MOST ANSWER SEEM ALWAYS YES AND NO. IT IS QUITE LITTLE CONFUSED WHEN OTHER NURSE ARE PATIENT AND FRIENDLY BUT THIS NURSE SHE SEEM TO CREATE MORE CONFLICTED. I REMEMBER AT ONE TIME I ASK HER IF SHE COULD HELP ME BY GIVING ME SOME CLEANER PRODUCT SO I CAN CLEAN THE COUNTER NEAR WINDOWS THAT HAD FULL OF URINES AND DUST BUT SHE SAID NO. FOR THE TIME OF COVI❑-19 WE MUST BE MORE CLEAN AND CAREFUL NOT CROSS CONTAMINATIONS BY CLEANING SURROUNDING US AND OURSELF AND BY SEPARATION BY 2M BETWEEN 2 PEOPLE.
The long waiting period is very difficult when in pain
The longest wait was to check in longer than 1 hr to get registered after this we were fast to be seen
The main concern is with regards to at name was used by the hospital
The majority of my stay was in the ICU and I was completely happy and impressed with the nursing staff on that unit. The day of my discharge was completely frustrating and there was a severe lack of communication between the doctors and nurses.
The meals are a lot better now then before
The meals could be a lot better The doctors an nurses an all staff were GREAT
The meals were not good + selection process very poor No In XXXX during 2 hasp stays the food was great enjoyed it all. You should revert to that procedure, please
The nurse that came on shift while I was there was the best. She knew more than what the doctor did. In fact she could not believe what the doctor had said could be wrong. She said the blood is in the pudding and took my blood that should have been taken hours earlier, what she thought was wrong with me was correct. This was the second time I have had this nurse attend to me and she diagnosed me and was right both times.
The nurse was quite rude when I asked questions & the doctor/nurse left me alone for over 2 hours I came in with strep to my symptoms, instead checked everything else instead the doctor the next day called with results & treated me, immediately
The nurse was very kind. I am happy to have med students and residents involved in my care I appreciated the skill + expertise of the doctor as he
The nurse you first see should listen to all problems, not just me. I had two. but only one health problem was taken care of.
The nurses & doctors were caring and very helpful
The nurses + LPNs were excellent. A physio + OTs the doctors seemed remote and not part of the team.
The nurses and doctors and surgeon were wonderful to me. I was scared to have surgery. but was happy it was over.
The nurses and doctors were super and was the staff in emergency
The nurses and doctors were very supportive. compassionate and skilled. The resident spoke to me rudely. I spoke to the charge nurse. The next time I saw the resident (the following morning she was much more respectful.
The nurses and hospital staff bent over backwards to make your hospital stay very pleasant )000000(XX
The nurses and staff were very competent and caring. The foods has improved since my last stay in hospital.
The nurses are overworked All the nurses I had were angels!! The only problem is the mattresses on the beds need to be thicker My back and butt were sore for 2 weeks Awful beds
The nurses at XXX were amazing They were caring and very supportive + compassionate I can never say enough about the care from my dr He was there before + after surgery giving both myself + husband support before + after my surgery He was very kind and made sure I understood everything.
The nurses have a lot to deal with but handle it with compassion and professionalism.
The nurses in emerg & when I was admitted were very good to me.
The nurses in the emergency room were the best Very supportive + comforting
The nurses in the ICU step down unit were amazing.
The nurses on Davies 5 were excellent and always kept my spirits up before some of my procedures Staff of same day were also excellent Other than the food not so good all staff from emerg to XXXXXX or where ever I was were always compassionate Understanding. I could have not asked to have been treated any better Thank you.
The nurses on my ward (XXXX?) were excellent I sent a letter to the hospital admin to state this.
The nurses really were amazing and made my time in the hospital so much easier!
The nurses said I could go home so I went to the nurses. They cut if off, then they said you haven't been dismissed yet - I couldn't get out of there fast enough They said yes I can leave so I got my clothes & left on my own - They argued with me - You can't go home. So if I have to go to the hotel, XXX that is where I am going to be - The nurses don to be blamed but the head Thank God it was only 3 days.
The nurses were absolutely wonderful!! Congrats to XXXXXX for having the best staff - Thank you!
The nurses were excellent but, in my opinion, are overworked
The nurses were excellent especially the one(s) that looked after me right after surgery She was very good.
The nurses were great and very helpful
The nurses were great! Some of the doctors think highly of themselvesr
The nurses were like angels Courteous, polite funny and caring
The nurses were really excellent.
The nurses were top notch. I found the doctors to be allusive. I do not recall them coming in and explaining a thing to me. I was highly medicated but would have appreciated a clearer understanding of my condition - causes and prognosis. Thank you.
The nurses were very helpful and caring, understanding, professional My stay was a positive "experience. Thanks to the doctors and nurses
The nurses were wonderful.
The nurses were wonderful. I got blood on my blanket from home, & one nurse actually cleaned it for me so that I could still use it! That made all the difference to me. The hospital is incredibly well managed - thank you.
The nurses where wonderful! Little stressful being in a room with 2 men & using the same bathroom & shower.
The nurses wore masks and face shields. The drs I had did not and went from one patient to the next. Being an older senior I was unhappy that my husband could not go with me in the ambulance or be there to hear the x-ray and scan results.
The nurses, not the doctors No respect - very aggressive looked down at me. Nurses never listened not the doctors. They were great. Just the nurses
The nurses/doctors at XXX are compassionate & caring I'd rather go there for treatment than anywhere else I was a bit nervous about incoming patients who may have had COVID exposure. as I overheard the security guard
The nursing care I received was the best I have ever experience. They were friendly, patient and very knowledgeable
The nursing care on XX)(XXXXX was exceptional was moved to XXXXXXXXX where I felt I was being placed in a prison small dark rooms very dated and then to have nursing staff treat me like I was a complete burden on them (need more care & compassion) when people are ill they do need care & compassion my partner ended up getting dr's to discharge me with care instructions at home where I did with time get better
The nursing care was fantastic, they work very hard and remain kind & compassionate My one complaint was the filth of the place. I shared a room meaning a bathroom as well. In that time our bathroom was not cleaned meaning we had to use the same filthy to but I didn't dare use the shower because I had no idea when it had been cleaned last I slept in the same bedding for 3 days as well nothing was changed or tidied up in that time Thank-you for the opportunity to voice my concerns.
The nursing care was outstanding. They were very supportive emotionally I was XX yrs old @ this visit and family were outside due to covid. THey kept my family informed.
The nursing staff & other staff members treated me with wonderful care & respect. Thank you all X)0000(XXXXXX
The nursing staff (less one nurse only) seem to be missing a passion for their position in assisting with healthcare. As well as a lack of compassion for their patients (again less one nurse.)
The nursing staff are amazing!!! As were the urology team of residents & interns!
The nursing staff in the ICU & neurology were all excellent
The nursing staff on XXXXXX were a dream! I am so fortunate to have been under their care I found the nursing staff on XXXXXXXXXX to be overworked and faced greater abuse from other patients whom seemed of the impression this was a hotel.
The nursing staff was excellent The doctoral staff was somewhat transparent after the operation. The food was something I would not recommend feeding to an animal coffee tasted like it was made from swamp water.
The nursing staff was excellent. Had to tell the senior resident to think more about me & my condition and less on trying to teach the junior residents. I was discharged with insufficient pain oceds. I was not informed on how long & difficult my recovery would be.
The nursing staff was great I was admitted for heart & to rest for my 2 day stay the roommate I had, never stopped screaming out 24/7, I spent my time mostly in the sun room to avoid a mental breakdown staff did offer earplugs, as I had zero sleep
The nursing staff was great even though they worked short hand and long shifts.
The nursing staff was very kind and professional The pacemaker clinic technicians seemed very judgmental of my coming to the ER, which was my The doctors were very thorough in their investigation
The nursing staff were very good and helpful.
The nursing was superbly caring & professional - Food was horrendous!!
The old design at provided greater confidentiality as oppose to the new reconfigured layout which you can hear everyone's business and personal information.
The only area that failed in my stay was in the emergency dept. I had been 'ordered" to head into the XXX by my physician "paperwork and calls" proceeded my arrival. Emerg had nothing on my arrival. An extremely long wait with on call ensued Poor communication in emerg and surgeon Over six hours until admitted to a room
The only complaint I have is not enough notice about discharge I didn't have any street clothes with me and no one to bring me any so I had to go home in night clothes Also the food is terrible.
The only complaint I have is with the food. It is truly terrible.
The only complaint I have is with regard to cleaning. I shared a room with an incontinent patient and the garbage containers should have been emptied more frequently before the stench got bad. I had to find cleaning staff to do it
The only complaint is the nursing station was very noisy at night. Apology for answering some in error!
The only concern I have is the initial Triage procedure. It was somewhat clear where the initial Triage nurses were located (marked with a number 1). However, the order of the lineup to visit Triage was unclear. There were 4-5 chairs for those waiting and I guess it was up to us to remember who was there first. There was no 'take a number' system, and no way that I could see for a person to indicate if they were in severe distress and needed to be seen immediately.
The only discrepancy was with the PA at discharge. We waited to find out it a CT head was needed before I left. It delayed my discharge by 3 hours. (The result was no).
The only issue I had was with a ARPN not my nurse She told me she wouldn't help me to the bathroom because I could of gone the other times they had me up I thought her to be rude
The only issue I had with my stay was the food. I didn't get anything I ordered and 1/2 the time wasn't even asked. I just got whatever they had. I couldn't eat much when I was there. Might have been a good thing
The only negative about my visit was that I could have used an Ultra Sound to completely rule out any blood clotting, but unfortunately, that particular location did not have one available. Also, to clarify about the pain medications, I was not informed of side effects because all I was given was basic Tylenol. So in my eyes, it was not needed.
The only negative comment I would make is that there didn't seem to be enough nurses at times for the needs of the patients - all of them worked quite hard but were overwhelmed at times.
The only negative thing would be the rapidity with which I was booted out the door by an unknown resident who did not know me & was unaware of my complications post surgery. After major surgery (which I had) I feel my own surgeon should have been in part of the decision making process, unfortunately she was nowhere to be found at the time. The meals were excellent by the way, wonderful selection, served warm & taste was great!
The only part of my stay that wasn't good, other than the pain, was the doctors kept telling me I'd have the surgery I needed that day and it kept getting put off. It took me being there for 4 days to finally have the surgery.
The only problem was the 6 1/2 hour wait.
The only real problem was checking in. There was no orderly way to ongoing to get to the entry triage nurse. About 10 people were waiting; need a number system like at Ikea (unreadable)
The only reason for my emergency was
The ONLY reason I received care in a timely fashion is due to my The possibility of immediate death is the ONLY reason this experience was this good Otherwise the waits are so extreme you're better off waiting for your GP for 2 weeks
The only reason we had to come to emerge was for a brain scan. We were sent from XXXXXXX emerge who took me in after my
The only thing I had to call back to the hospital after going home to see when I last had pain medication. This should have been on my discharge papers.
The only thing I would say - after being treated and cleared by staff it took too long to get the doctor who saw me to come back and release me The staff and nurses were excellent
The only thing negative is it takes too long to get to see doctor. I know it takes time for everything to be done and information The nurses do good job. But the system in wrong XXXX>00(X)00(X XXXXXXXX
The only thing that was concerning is that the emergency room was so busy that I was actually on a bed in the hallway for a few hours
The only thing that was wrong was the food. If the food could be better that would be great. Also the beds could be better by the end of the first day my back hurts so much I can hardly lay or sit anywhere.
The orthopedic team "Dr. )000(XXXX" Dr. XXXXX - fan c. The entire staff on the 4th floor!! A INew beginning. Thank you!
The overall staff was fine. I found your survey a bit soon. Some may still have a lot of professionalism, the surgery and may require more time to complete this survey.
The overall stay was very good! The food was amazing!
The pain management was second to none. Very impressed with this hospital's service XXXXXXXXXXXX
the pain. As a teen who came alone I was terrified and this was unacceptable.
The pandemic was underway when I was in emergency dept. Everyone was well protected and were respectful of my having to be there at that time. All precautions were taken by all staff!
The paramedics in the ambulance were very reassuring and provided excellent care as well.
The paramedics were amazing! They stayed with me until nurses & doctors were on hand Thanks
The paramedics were the most helpful, compassionate etc Nurse was awful Did not get required tests, no diagnosis given Just pain coeds - and sent to follow-up with surgeon Not overall good experience - except from paramedics
The particular doctor I saw during this visit was very personable & took the time to connect on a personal & professional level. Sat next to me in a chair & discussed things without rushing me much appreciated.
The patient in the room with me was not able to get out of bed. She used a commode which the nurse helped her with. When it was emptied it was not flushed ; this happened several times while I was in hasp. I know staff are very busy, but??
The patient name on my discharge summary was incorrect and after 2 months has not been corrected. Minimal education of CO ion stockings I was never told I runng my surgery.
The patients were rarely bathed and beds changed in the last 9 days I was showered once by a nurse and twice by my spouse. The bed was changed twice Not enough staff and to help keep patient clean.
The people I'd given power of attorney told me that they were not given info when they required it in order to make bout managing my affairs. Inn nt in my case I_
The personal care was bad No shower during 8 days ICU. No shower in another 8 days, finally asked for bed bath, and wash cloth for my face and dish for brushing teeth- everyday No semi private or private rooms Had 3 other women in the ward, who never washed their hands after the washroom. No sign in bathroom to say "Please wash your hands" Understaffed badly
The pharmacist had to call the hospital to complete my prescription. - Washrooms + general areas were very dirty.
The physician responsible for discharge decisions (XXXXXX) was quite ambivalent about my ability to care for myself alone @ home.
The porter service was very very ''bad" we had to wait over 3 hr for a wheelchair to go from the room to main (unreadable) for discharge "(unreadable) full"
The post op food was barely edible. in particular the creamed soups Breakfast was usually cold and unpalatable >0<
The problem I experienced was at triage, more with services once admitted.
The problem that I went in for waiting room in horrible pain for 3 hours to have a doctor come in and hand me a prescription and spent maybe 2 minutes with me. Must be a a better way.
The quality of care is a real tribute to the management of XXX.
The quality of food is terrible.
The quality of the food was not good
The questionnaire does not exactly express my opinion. But my overall judgement is my admiration for all the complex service provided during my short stay in the hospital
The questions left blank were not applicable Same day admissions check in staff at this hospital have a poor job place attitude as demonstrated by their questions, tone and delivery to incoming patients This is a well known fact among local health care professionals.
The quick image/doctor works great & past for minor injuries - as separate for small issues cuts down the wait times
The reason for the long wait was to wait for a bed at a different emergency room and wait for ambulance transport to consult with a surgeon. All personnel were courteous. attentive and very helpful!
The reason I went to the emergency was XXX sensitive issue & felt that the XXX was the fastest way to get a diagnosis
The resident doctor was fantastic had 7 stitches, beautifully done. However, had to wait over an hour for the resident to see me that was sitting on the bed in excruciating pain.
The resident doctors were not professional. There were too many different ones so they didn't really know me. Too many to know who was really aware of my condition. They were just going through the motions. They should be better.
The resident I saw on this visit was excellent! She was respectful and caring. She ordered appropriate tests and made a referral for me to be seen at the rather than simply say it was a benign problem send me home to wait for an appt scheduled 3 months for then. Best ER experience between X)0000KX and now
The resident looking after me was very attentive and caring I received the best care possible during this visit.
The room I was in initially was not very good (a room that had been converted into a patient room). Throughout my stay in this hospital I as very concerned about the lack of atte o Covid 19. It was on my hart that I nd therefore very vulnerable to infection, and I am in my late XX's. Yet the screening process was minimal. I was close to other patients, and no one wore a mask or any kind of protective clothing.
The rudeness for hurting my hand when I had a night out drinking.
The same dirt, stains, bandages were on the floor since my admission. My bathroom was never mopped or swept, the same as my room. I had to ask to have sheets changed. Cleanliness was extremely lacking after having such a surgery Very disappointed.
The score was lowered because after first visit I ws told to go by my doctors to try + get tests done quicker. As it was taking months + I already have worries so I didn't feel he was helpful.
The seating in the waiting room was terrible Thus we all had sore backs
The second day I was there my roommate was very The nurse had a very difficult time but was very patient.
The senior was excellent!! Residents need empathy training & understanding that they are dealing with a person and not a piece of need and (unreadable).
The ''short stay" area that I was admitted in was absolutely fantastic. I have had stays in the other areas of this hospital recently and they were not near what this was!
The shortage of beds upstairs cause a backlog in emergency. I stayed extra long there because there was no bed upstairs to put me in.
The staff always checked with me if it was ok to pass on my information to anybody phoning in.
The staff and facilities were very helpful during my stay. Thank you to all
The staff are obviously very busy. but they manage to remain kind & caring despite the multiple demands on their time Also, having my daughter with me made it much easier
The staff at XXX were very friendly and professional. There was no diagnosis confusion at that time but staff was very courteous especially in an incredibly busy vironment >00‹
The staff in ER and on the floor were excellent. Couldn't have asked for better.
The staff on the ortho floor were excellent. They dealt with many individual needs of patients and were as responsive as possible I felt fortunate to be in their care.
The staff on XXXXXX)00( were excellent and helpful to family.
The staff outside of ICU and CCU did not care about supporting my mental state or my family.
The staff treated me excellent and made me feel very good The staff are amazing, the certainly went above & beyond There were a few curves thrown at them and the handled them very professionally. A- one care.
The staff treated me with respect and were very pleasant which does make a hospital stay more pleasant.
The staff was excellent and my stay was very good.
The staff was excellent but does have to put up with some difficult individuals that do not treat them with much respect. We did appreciate all the care that we received.
The staff was friendly and very helpful when my son passed out while helping me.
The staff went out of their way to make the best out of bad situation.
The staff were all great with my son. The nurses were kind & the doctor we saw was amazing with him. It made his not so nice experience much better
The staff were kind and caring.
The staff were very comforting and gentle. There were not long wait times to get checked in, but I sat for almost 2 hours waiting for x-ray results. I thought they had forgotten I was there.
The staff were very patient, respectfully Emerg is not very sociable and I was there really all the time
The staff who met me to fill out my circumstances were warm + caring. One saw me later + was again very pleasant. The RN asked me if I would like to be followed up by the Heart Health at a later date + I said I would. This has been made + I saw further dr within a week + one half.
The staff work very hard every day to keep things running smoothly. With the added burden of covid they all need medals. I had great care while I was there.
The state of repair of equipment was not particularly good. A great lack of cleanliness in 5 days. Saw a mop moved over floor twice. Bathroom was filthy. Hair in drinking fountain the whole 5 days.
The stay at hospital was great but your hot food was not fit to eat. I think your top management should go around to the rooms and look at the food and sample it. I had a chicken dinner one time and a salmon dinner another time and they were so hard you could not eat it and sent them back and I complained but nothing change
The stay in hospital was fine. Pre-op I was told to bring with me, on day of surgery, many things I did not need and were not the way (crutches for example) in waiting room. Also clothing I did not wear. Re: discharge- I was told no homecare at home I called XXX re help with bathing & quickly received RN, OT, PSW's. There needs to be a more in depth individualized assessment pre discharge. Also, the availability of XXX drivers was not mentioned to get to As of yesterday when I attended
The stay in the room were you had to wait to get in the emergency was too long
The stay was just pre covid & emphasis was on hand washing Washrooms were inadequately supplies, with soap & towels
The stay was very short. I was discharged about 8 hours after the surgeon started the procedure. Due to my quick discharge, the process to be 'released' was a gong show and very disorganized. Pain management seemed to be an after thought as I had to request something to manage pain for the 30 minute drive home
The stem cell unit or mangement hematology day unit on Kidd 9 XXX was amazing! Absolutely saved my life and gave hope for the future.
The stress in searches for rehab facilities before & during hospital stay. I consider to use energy that might have been spent in making las strong as possible for the (unreadable). There were no rehab facilities suitable to my needs available. No night care no retirement homes e.g. and I (unreadable) me, (unreadable) & no beds available to help.
The students make such a difference They work hard and are missed XXX + XXXXXX
The surgeon commented that I could be discharged on one day but I was discharged the next day iscomnnunication
The surgeon did not visit me after surgery it was someone who was in the operating room.
The surgeon doctor I seen did not talk to me properly or did not examine me before being discharged. A different doctor came to examine me and performed a scope
The team before surgery was great. But after I left the recovery room things were not good. I had just over a 6 hour
The test I was transferred from XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to XXX for failed so it was for all a wasted effort. It could have been done at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX first as well and saved a good deal of money. But both are good hospitals.
The thing that upset me is that a nurse discussed d/c with me but I had question for dr about change in d/c oceds from last surgery- took long time for nurse to get response & didn't really answer question for her or me
The time frame for the waiting rooms to see a doctor is way way too long
The toilet was plugged, I had to find a plumber There were towels and washcloths - So coming home the first thing I did was take a refreshing shower!
The triage nurses + doctor who stitched me up were very friendly + professional Not to repeat an injury I would hope they are there for my next visit
The triage part was too long fo I my pain level was 10 and I waited 1 1/2 hr.
The triage process was flawed, I waited for 3Totr before I was admitted to a ward and
The urgent care centre at 1  ii is the best emergency I have ever been at. I would be gladly to tell other people, everyone there is very kind.
The visit was excellent Thank you )0000000(
The visit was for my son who is very shy, the staff were all wonderful with him!
The visit was long and we were taken in after passing out in the waiting room.
The visit was way too long with poor service. This department needs reorganizing
The wait time was atrocious and also there was no where to sit. triage or waiting room We stood for an almost an hour before any seating was available.
The wait time was long. 2 1/2 hours, especially indoors during covid - with many others in the waiting room. I was concerned about the dirty vents + circulation of stale air indoors - the risk for covid - perhaps the staff could coordinate for patients to sign in then return closer to the time they can be seen... or something to minimize covid risk. The air ducts at XXX need attention. Wait times really indicate a need for improved organization. Thank you.
The wait times are to long, the cleanliness of the emergency area is very poor, especially the bathrooms.
The wait was far too long. People who walked in after me were seen before I had a chance.
The wait was long at the time of my visit, possibly explaining the length of my visit, and the waiting times before triage (1 hour) and before I saw a doctor after triage (at 1 1/2 hours).
The wait was way too long, almost 6 hrs. The doctor spoke so quickly I could barely make out what he was saying. He also used very technical medical terminology that I did not understand. Confusing!
The waiting areas are very dismal, uncomfortable, and stressful
The waiting rm is very dirty. Watch girl clean, same rag sprayed once and we watch her clean every surface same rag. Felt very sick sitting in the dirty rm
The waiting time from emergency room to s a dr was 4 112 hrs after I was Itoo long before treatment, after that the care was great
The waiting time to see a doctor is too long Probably need more doctors in E.R.
The waits are far too long
The ward EKG machine requires replacement.
The washroom was very smelly. The washroom wasn't clean often
The weekend staff was absolutely fantastic! Thank you!
The whole experience was very good except for the initial intake person. She was rude and condescending. Perhaps a bad day but not a great start.
The whole staff from start to finish did a excellent job.
The worst part was I was not very well informed of how I would expect to feel in the following weeks after my surgery. I had a lot of pains for at least 4 wks but did not know if that was normal or was something wrong.
The XXX booklet ''A patient and family guide to heart surgery" is excellent but needs to be updated, ie info about the XXXXXXX, cardiac support group (p. 70) is outdated making it difficult for me to access cardiac rehab with the
Their great.
There are few book available One was found, I read it and would like to know how to return it and how to donate other books I was told used to be a library
There does appear to be something lacking by way of clear communication between staff, departments and patients.
There had been issues being admitted to the hospital. but once it was determined that I needed to be admitted immediately, my treatment was excellent I was treated very well by all concerned.
There have been follow appts since and more to go
There is too much talking and standing around.
There seemed to be a lack of communication between nursing staff and residents physicians. Resident wanted me discharged yet nurses were telling me I wasn't ready to go home. One nurse was excellent. She came in every hour or so to see if I needed to go to bathroom, fluff my pillow, get me water. I didn't have to ring my bell because